3 in the UK offer a Mobile TV service across most of their range of phones. It is provided by 3 and independent companies and offers the main genres of: Comedy, Entertainment, Music, Documentaries, Kids programming and user-submitted content. Whilst many of the channels take on the branding of regular channels (for example, MTV and Nickeleodeon), the content is actually a "loop" of programming that tends to be updated once a week, rather than the full content available through digital television or cable services.
3 Mobile TV is available in 3 ways:
The BBC channels were broadcast on 3 for a trial period, and are not currently available.
3 in the UK also offer a selection of "Free videos" or "Free to watch" content. These are funded by advertisements (Unlike mobile TV which has no commercial advertisements).The main competitor is Sky Mobile TV, available on  Vodafone UK, o2 UK and T-mobile UK. Also MobiTV was a former competitor offered on Virgin Mobile, but has now ceased operations in Europe.
The 3rd Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea was elected at the party's 3rd Congress in 1956. The 3rd Central Committee held twelve plenary sessions and three expanded sessions.[1]

The meridian 5° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, Africa, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 5th meridian west forms a great circle with the 175th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 5th meridian west passes through:
The 6th Central Military Commission of the Workers' Party of Korea (WPK), officially the Central Military Commission of the 6th Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea, was elected by the 1st Plenary Session of the 6th Central Committee in the immediate aftermath of the 6th WPK Congress.


The meridian 6° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, Africa, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 6th meridian west forms a great circle with the 174th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 6th meridian west passes through:
The 6th Politburo of the Workers' Party of Korea (WPK), officially the Political Bureau of the 6th Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea, was elected by the 1st Plenary Session of the 6th Central Committee in the immediate aftermath of the 6th WPK Congress.

The 6th Secretariat of the Workers' Party of Korea (WPK), officially the Secretariat of the 6th Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea, was elected by the 1st Plenary Session of the 6th Central Committee in the immediate aftermath of the 6th WPK Congress.



The meridian 7° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, Africa, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 7th meridian west forms a great circle with the 173rd meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 7th meridian west passes through:
The 7th Politburo of the Workers' Party of Korea (WPK), officially the Political Bureau of the 7th Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea, was elected by the 1st Plenary Session of the 7th Central Committee, in the immediate aftermath of the 7th WPK Congress. The composition of the 7th Politburo was changed on several occasions by plenary sessions of the 7th WPK Central Committee.
The 8th Politburo of the Workers' Party of Korea (WPK), officially the Political Bureau of the 8th Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea, was elected on 11 January 2021 by the 1st Plenary Session of the 8th Central Committee, in the immediate aftermath of the 8th WPK Congress.
The meridian 9° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, Africa, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 9th meridian west forms a great circle with the 171st meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 9th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 10° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, the Atlantic Ocean, Ireland, Africa, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 10th meridian west forms a great circle with the 170th meridian east.
The meridian defines the western limit of the New Swabia area in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 10th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 11° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 11th meridian west forms a great circle with the 169th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 11th meridian west passes through:
The 11th Secretariat of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party, officially the Secretariat of the 11th Central Committee of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party, was elected at the 1st Plenary Session of the 11th Central Committee in the immediate aftermath of the 11th National Congress in 2021.
Articles and journals:
The meridian 13° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 13th meridian west forms a great circle with the 167th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 13th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 14° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, Iceland, the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 14th meridian west forms a great circle with the 166th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 14th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 15° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, Iceland, the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 15th meridian west forms a great circle with the 165th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 15th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 16° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, Iceland, the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 16th meridian west forms a great circle with the 164th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 16th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 17° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, Iceland, the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 17th meridian west forms a great circle with the 163rd meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 17th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 18° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, Iceland, the Atlantic Ocean, the Canary Islands, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 18th meridian west forms a great circle with the 162nd meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 18th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 19° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, Iceland, the Atlantic Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 19th meridian west forms a great circle with the 161st meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 19th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 20° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, Iceland, the Atlantic Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.  The 20th meridian west forms a great circle with the 160th meridian east.
In Antarctica, the meridian defines the border between the British Antarctic Territory and Queen Maud Land. Between the 5th parallel north and the 60th parallel south it forms the eastern boundary of the Latin American Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zone.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 20th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 21° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, Iceland, the Atlantic Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 21st meridian west forms a great circle with the 159th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 21st meridian west passes through:
The meridian 22° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, Iceland, the Atlantic Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 22nd meridian west forms a great circle with the 158th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 22nd meridian west passes through:
The meridian 23° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, Iceland, the Atlantic Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 23rd meridian west forms a great circle with the 157th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 23rd meridian west passes through:
The meridian 24° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, Iceland, the Atlantic Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 24th meridian west forms a great circle with the 156th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 24th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 25° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, the Atlantic Ocean, Cape Verde Islands, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 25th meridian west forms a great circle with the 155th meridian east.
In Antarctica, the meridian defines the eastern limit of Argentina's territorial claim and passes through the British claim - the two claims overlap.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 25th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 26° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, the Atlantic Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 26th meridian west forms a great circle with the 154th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 26th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 27° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, the Atlantic Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 27th meridian west forms a great circle with the 153rd meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 27th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 28° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, the Atlantic Ocean, the Azores, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 28th meridian west forms a great circle with the 152nd meridian east.
In Antarctica the meridian defines the eastern limit of Brazil's unofficial territorial claim.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 28th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 30° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, the Atlantic Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 30th meridian west forms a great circle with the 150th meridian east, and it is the reference meridian for the time zone UTC-2. 
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 30th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 31° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, the Atlantic Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 31st meridian west forms a great circle with the 149th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 31st meridian west passes through:
The meridian 32° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, the Atlantic Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 32nd meridian west forms a great circle with the 148th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 32nd meridian west passes through:
The meridian 33° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, the Atlantic Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 33rd meridian west forms a great circle with the 147th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 33rd meridian west passes through:
The meridian 34° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, the Atlantic Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 34th meridian west forms a great circle with the 146th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 34th meridian west passes through:
The 58th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 58 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane.  No land lies on the parallel — it crosses nothing but ocean.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 18 hours, 11 minutes during the December solstice and 6 hours, 27 minutes during the June solstice.[1]
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 58° south passes through:
The meridian 88° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Gulf of Mexico, the Caribbean Sea, Central America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 88th meridian west forms a great circle with the 92nd meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 88th meridian west passes through:

The Meridian 89° West of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Gulf of Mexico, Central America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 89th meridian west forms a great circle with the 91st meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 89th meridian west passes through:

This article concerns the period 99 BC – 90 BC.
99 BC
98 BC
97 BC
96 BC
95 BC
94 BC
93 BC
91 BC
90 BC
98 BC
96 BC
93 BC
92 BC
91 BC
90 BC

The meridian 90° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Gulf of Mexico, Central America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
In Antarctica, the meridian defines the western limit of Chile's territorial claim. The land further west is not claimed by any nation.
The 90th meridian west forms a great circle with the 90th meridian east, located midway between the Prime meridian and the 180th meridian; thus, the center of the Western Hemisphere is on this meridian.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 90th meridian west passes through:


Year 101 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. At the time it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Marius and Aquillius (or, less frequently, year 653 Ab urbe condita). The denomination 101 BC for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.
The meridian 127° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 127th meridian west forms a great circle with the 53rd meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 127th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 128° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 128th meridian west forms a great circle with the 52nd meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 128th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 129° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 129th meridian west forms a great circle with the 51st meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 129th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 130° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 130th meridian west forms a great circle with the 50th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 130th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 131° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 131st meridian west forms a great circle with the 49th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 131st meridian west passes through:
The meridian 132° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 132nd meridian west forms a great circle with the 48th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 132nd meridian west passes through:
The meridian 133° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 133rd meridian west forms a great circle with the 47th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 133rd meridian west passes through:
The meridian 134° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 134th meridian west forms a great circle with the 46th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 134th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 135° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 135th meridian west forms a great circle with the 45th meridian east.
The Alaska Time Zone is based on the mean solar time of this meridian.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 135th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 136° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 136th meridian west forms a great circle with the 44th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 136th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 137° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 137th meridian west forms a great circle with the 43rd meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 137th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 138° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 138th meridian west forms a great circle with the 42nd meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 138th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 139° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 139th meridian west forms a great circle with the 41st meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 139th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 142° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 142nd meridian west forms a great circle with the 38th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 142nd meridian west passes through:
The meridian 143° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 143rd meridian west line forms a great circle with the 37th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 143rd meridian west passes through:
The meridian 144° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 144th meridian west forms a great circle with the 36th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 144th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 145° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 145th meridian west forms a great circle with the 35th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 145th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 146° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 146th meridian west forms a great circle with the 34th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 146th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 147° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 147th meridian west forms a great circle with the 33rd meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 147th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 148° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, Australasia, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 148th meridian east forms a great circle with the 32nd meridian west.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 148th meridian east passes through:
The meridian 148° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 148th meridian west forms a great circle with the 32nd meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 148th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 149° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, Australasia, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 149th meridian east forms a great circle with the 31st meridian west.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 149th meridian east passes through:
The meridian 149° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 149th meridian west forms a great circle with the 31st meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 149th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 150° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, Australasia, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 150th meridian east forms a great circle with the 30th meridian west.
This is the exact middle of the Australian Eastern Standard Time Zone, where the sun rises at 6am and sets at 6pm precisely every equinox. 
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 150th meridian east passes through:
The meridian 150° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America (entirely within the State of Alaska), the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
In Antarctica, the meridian defines the eastern limit of New Zealand's territorial claim. The land further east is not claimed by any nation.
The 150th meridian west forms a great circle with the 30th meridian east.
The Hawaii-Aleutian Time Zone is based on the mean solar time of this meridian.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 150th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 151° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, Australasia, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 151st meridian east forms a great circle with the 29th meridian west.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 151st meridian east passes through:
The meridian 151° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 151st meridian west forms a great circle with the 29th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 151st meridian west passes through:
The meridian 152° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, Australasia, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 152nd meridian east forms a great circle with the 28th meridian west.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 152nd meridian east passes through:
The meridian 152° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 152nd meridian west forms a great circle with the 28th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 152nd meridian west passes through:
The meridian 153° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, Australasia, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 153rd meridian east forms a great circle with the 27th meridian west.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 153rd meridian east passes through:
The meridian 153° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 153rd meridian west forms a great circle with the 27th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 153rd meridian west passes through:
The meridian 154° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, Australasia, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 154th meridian east forms a great circle with the 26th meridian west.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 154th meridian east passes through:
The meridian 154° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 154th meridian west forms a great circle with the 26th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 154th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 155° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, Australasia, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 155th meridian east forms a great circle with the 25th meridian west.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 155th meridian east passes through:
The meridian 155° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 155th meridian west forms a great circle with the 25th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 155th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 156° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, Australasia, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 156th meridian east forms a great circle with the 24th meridian west.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 156th meridian east passes through:
The meridian 156° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 156th meridian west forms a great circle with the 24th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 156th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 157° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, Australasia, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 157th meridian east forms a great circle with the 23rd meridian west.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 157th meridian east passes through:
The meridian 157° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 157th meridian west forms a great circle with the 23rd meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 157th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 158° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, Australasia, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 158th meridian east forms a great circle with the 22nd meridian west.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 158th meridian east passes through:
The meridian 159° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, Australasia, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 159th meridian east forms a great circle with the 21st meridian west.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 159th meridian east passes through:
The meridian 159° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 159th meridian west forms a great circle with the 21st meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 159th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 160° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 160th meridian east forms a great circle with the 20th meridian west.
In Antarctica, the meridian defines the border between the Australian Antarctic Territory and the Ross Dependency.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 160th meridian east passes through:
The meridian 161° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 161st meridian east forms a great circle with the 19th meridian west.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 161st meridian east passes through:
The meridian 161° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 161st meridian west forms a great circle with the 19th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 161st meridian west passes through:
The meridian 162° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 162nd meridian east forms a great circle with the 18th meridian west.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 162nd meridian east passes through:
The meridian 162° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 162nd meridian west forms a great circle with the 18th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 162nd meridian west passes through:
The meridian 163° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 163rd meridian east forms a great circle with the 17th meridian west.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 163rd meridian east passes through:
The meridian 163° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 163rd meridian west forms a great circle with the 17th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 163rd meridian west passes through:
The meridian 164° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 164th meridian west forms a great circle with the 16th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 164th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 165° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 165th meridian west forms a great circle with the 15th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 165th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 166° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 166th meridian west forms a great circle with the 14th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 166th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 167° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 167th meridian west forms a great circle with the 13th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 167th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 168° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 168th meridian west forms a great circle with the 12th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 168th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 169° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole, crossing a smaller amount of land than any other line of longitude, and is thus generally used as the cut-off point on a lot of map projections.
The 169th meridian west forms a great circle with the 11th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 169th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 170° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 170th meridian west forms a great circle with the 10th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 170th meridian west passes through:
The meridian 172° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 172nd meridian west forms a great circle with the 8th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 172nd meridian west passes through:
The meridian 173° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 173rd meridian west forms a great circle with the 7th meridian east.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 173rd meridian west passes through:
This article concerns the period 229 BC – 220 BC.
229 BC
227 BC
221 BC
220 BC
229 BC
228 BC
227 BC
226 BC
225 BC
224 BC
223 BC
222 BC
221 BC
220 BC

This article concerns the period 239 BC – 230 BC.
239 BC
238 BC
236 BC
235 BC
234 BC
232 BC
231 BC
230 BC
239 BC
238 BC
237 BC
235 BC
234 BC
233 BC
232 BC
231 BC
230 BC


Year 236 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. At the time it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Caudinus and Varus (or, less frequently, year 518 Ab urbe condita). The denomination 236 BC for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.


←
→
Events from the year 1474 in Ireland.
The 1959-60 Milwaukee Cardinals men's basketball team represented the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee during the 1959-60 NCAA College Division men's basketball season. The Panthers, led by eight-year head coach Russ Rebholz, played their home games at the Baker Fieldhouse as members of the Wisconsin Intercollegiate Athletic Conference.
Milwaukee's first-ever postseason tournament appearance came after the 1959-60 season when the Panthers went to the NCAA Small College Regional.
During the 20-game regular season, MKE had just three blemishes on its record. After opening the season with six-straight wins by an average of more than 25 points per game, the Panthers fell to crosstown rival Marquette. But they quickly got back on track, beating Ball State to start a seven-game winning streak.
The seven-game burst included four key road wins in the Wisconsin State Collegiate Conference, plus a home win over Platteville that would go a long way toward helping the Panthers claim the conference title.
After a loss to Whitewater, UWM won its next three contests before a one-point loss at Platteville. But, just two days later, the Panthers beat Stevens Point, 73-70, to secure the regional berth.
In regional play, Milwaukee fell to Lincoln (Ill.), 100-92, in the first contest. But, in those days, a consolation round was played. UWM bounced back in that round, claiming a 109-82 win over Augustana to earn the school’s first-ever postseason win at any level.
Jerry Grochowski, a UWM Athletic Hall of Famer and one of the top scorers in school history, was the star of the squad. He averaged 22.3 points and 12.2 rebounds per game, finishing second on the Wisconsin State University Conference in scoring. Dave Vincent also contributed 14.7 points and 5.0 rebounds per contest, one of five players with at least 100 rebounds.
The National Provincial Championship, or NPC, was the predecessor to the current Air New Zealand Cup and Heartland Championship in New Zealand rugby. 1978 was the third year of the National Provincial Championship, Wellington were the winners of Division 1.
These were the NPC Division 1 standings for the 1978 season.A Win was worth 2 competition points, a Draw 1, a loss 0.There were no bonus points on offer.
As the bottom placed North Island team, Hawkes Bay were automatically relegated.
Division Two North winner Bay of Plenty were automatically promoted to Division One.
South Canterbury faced Division Two South winner Marlborough. The match was tied 10-10, which meant South Canterbury remained in Division One.
Division 2 North (In Order of Final Placing)
Division 2 South (In Order of Final Placing)
Manawatu began the season as holders having defeated Auckland in the 1976 season. In 1978 they defended the Shield in 4 matches, extending their tenure to 13 successful defences before being defeated by North Auckland. North Auckland chose not to accept any more challenges in 1978 and thus held the Shield for the Summer.
Manawatu
The 1986 Australian Swimming Championships were held at the Adelaide Aquatic Centre in Adelaide, South Australia from 27 February to 2 March. They were organised by Australian Swimming.
Nautilus (Vic)
Nautilus (Vic)
Leander (Qld)
Lawrence (Qld)
Carina Chandler (Qld)
Leander (Qld)
Leander (Qld)
Lawrence (Qld)
Lawrence (Qld)
Leander (Qld)
Lawrence (Qld)
Lawrence (Qld)
Melbourne Aquatics (Vic)
Legend: AR – Australian record; ACR – Australian All Comers record
Commercial (Qld)
Commercial (Qld)
Lawrence (Qld)
Lawrence (Qld)
Lawrence (Qld)
Lawrence (Qld)
Freeway Waterlions (Vic)
St Peters (Qld)
St Peters (Qld)
Academy (NSW)
Leander (Qld)
Leander (Qld)
FAI St Bernadette's (Qld)
Commercial (Qld)
Nowra (NSW)
Burley-Griffin (NSW)
Burley-Griffin (NSW)
Legend: AR – Australian record; ACR – Australian All Comers record
The 1889 African Handball Cup Winners' Cup was the 5th edition, organized by the African Handball Confederation, under the auspices of the International Handball Federation, the handball sport governing body. The tournament was held from 28 Mar to 4 April 1989 at the Abdelrahman Fawzy Hall , Police Academy Hall  in Cairo, Egypt, contested by 8 teams and won by JSB ERCA Alger of Algeria.
 JSB ERCA Alger Etoile du Congo MC Alger Benue Buffaloes
 Club Africain Port Said S.C SOA Al Ahly SC

* Note: .mw-parser-output .legend{page-break-inside:avoid;break-inside:avoid-column}.mw-parser-output .legend-color{display:inline-block;min-width:1.25em;height:1.25em;line-height:1.25;margin:1px 0;text-align:center;border:1px solid black;background-color:transparent;color:black}.mw-parser-output .legend-text{}  Advance to semi-finals

* Note:   Advance to semi-finals

Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan were the defending champions, but chose not to participate that year.
Marc Gicquel and Robert Lindstedt won in the final 7–6(8–6), 6–3, against Bruno Soares and Kevin Ullyett.
The 2010–2011 East Carolina Pirates men's basketball team represented East Carolina University during the 2010–2011 NCAA Division I basketball season. The Pirates were coached by first year head coach Jeff Lebo, who previously coached at Auburn. The Pirates played their home games at Williams Arena at Minges Coliseum and are members of Conference USA. They finished the season 18–16, 8–8 in C-USA play and lost in the semifinals of the 2011 Conference USA Men's Basketball Tournament to Memphis. They received an invitation to the 2011 CollegeInsider.com Tournament where they lost in the first round to Jacksonville.
Sources:
Roster Last update: 17 March 2011
The 2011–12 Wagner Seahawks men's basketball team represented Wagner College during the 2011–12 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Seahawks, led by second year head coach Dan Hurley, played their home games at Spiro Sports Center and are members of the Northeast Conference. They finished the season 25–6, 15–3 in NEC play to finish in second place. They lost in the semifinals of the NEC Basketball Tournament to Robert Morris. Despite having 25 wins, the Seahawks did not accept an invitation to a post season tournament.

The 2012-13 season is Sampdoria's 66th in existence. Sampdoria finished the 2011–12 season in sixth place in Serie B and was promoted to Serie A through the play-offs.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
.mw-parser-output .legend{page-break-inside:avoid;break-inside:avoid-column}.mw-parser-output .legend-color{display:inline-block;min-width:1.25em;height:1.25em;line-height:1.25;margin:1px 0;text-align:center;border:1px solid black;background-color:transparent;color:black}.mw-parser-output .legend-text{}  Win  Draw  Loss  Postponed
Last updated: 28 October 2012Source: Competitions
This includes all competitive matches.  The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal.
Last updated: 28 October 2012Source: Competitions
A general election was held in Virginia in 2014.
This is a list of notable events relating to the environment in 2015. They relate to environmental law, conservation, environmentalism and environmental issues.
Ismaily SC is a football club which plays in the Egyptian Premier League.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
The 2021 season is FC Seoul's 38th season in the K League 1.
Fixtures and Results at FC Seoul Official Website (in English)
Note: Where a player has not declared an international allegiance, nation is determined by place of birth.※ In: Transferred from other teams in the middle of the season.※ Out: Transferred to other teams in the middle of the season.※ Discharged: Transferred from Sanjgu Sangmu or Ansan Mugunghwa for military service in the middle of the season (registered in 2019 season).※ Conscripted: Transferred to Sangju Sangmu or Ansan Mugunghwa for military service after the end of the season.

The 2020 Georgia Public Service Commission election was held on November 3, 2020, to elect two members to the Georgia Public Service Commission, concurrently with the presidential election as well as both a regular and special election to the U.S. Senate and elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. While Republican incumbent appointee Jason Shaw defeated Democrat Robert Bryant for District 1, Republican incumbent Lauren "Bubba" McDonald was forced to a runoff against Democrat Daniel Blackman for District 4. While the runoff was initially scheduled for December 3, it was moved by Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger to the January 5, 2021 runoff, alongside the runoff elections for both Senate seats. 
This is the sixth runoff election held for a Public Service Commission seat since runoffs were first mandated by law in 1964, with the first runoff being held in 1992 alongside a U.S. Senate runoff and successive PSC runoffs having been held in 1998, 2006, 2008, and 2018. Were he to win, Blackman would become only the second African American member on the Commission in its history, with Democrat David Burgess having served from 1999 until his defeat in a 2006 runoff by Republican Chuck Eaton; Burgess was also the last Democrat to serve on the commission, with McDonald having changed his party affiliation after first being elected. Blackman and McDonald previously ran against each other for District 4 in 2014.
The 2020 United Wiffleball National Championship was a tournament to determine the national champion in fastpitch wiffleball for 2020. The tournament was held October 23–25 at PeoplesBank Park in York, Pennsylvania.[1] The Usual Suspects won the inaugural tournament.
The tournament was contested by 40 teams from 26 states.[2]
The format for this inaugural event was designed with several key factors in mind – providing tangible stakes to the early round games, limiting the number of games necessary to the win the championship, and providing a fair and equitable path through the tournament. The goal is for a tournament that places skill and winning above endurance and attrition, while still providing each team with ample opportunity to compete. 
The tournament call for four rounds[3]
The 2021 24 Hours of Daytona (formally the 2021 Rolex 24 at Daytona) is an upcoming endurance sports car race sanctioned by the International Motor Sports Association (IMSA). The event is scheduled to be held at the Daytona International Speedway combined road course in Daytona Beach, Florida, on January 30–31, 2021. This event is due to be the 59th running of the 24 Hours of Daytona, and the first of 12 races across multiple classes in the 2021 WeatherTech SportsCar Championship, as well as the first of four rounds in the 2021 Michelin Endurance Cup.
With the addition of the Le Mans Prototype 3 (LMP3) class, despite the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, the number of entrants to the 24-hour race saw a marked improvement from the 2020 running of the event, with 50 entries registered. Some notable entries include Chip Ganassi Racing, who are registered to participate in the Daytona Prototype international (DPi) class with the Cadillac DPi-V.R. This marks Chip Ganassi Racing's return to top-level sportscar competition in America after a one-year absence following the withdrawal of their Ford GTE program at the end of the 2019 season, and their first race in prototypes since the 2016 edition of the 24-hour race. 
The Le Mans Prototype 2 (LMP2) class also saw a flourish of international interest, with ten entries currently registered, the highest entry count since LMP2 was made its own class. Several of the teams, such as DragonSpeed, Racing Team Nederland, and High Class Racing, are mainstays of the FIA World Endurance Championship. Many of the LMP2 driver rosters include world-class drivers, such as Nicolas Lapierre, Giedo van der Garde, and Ben Hanley, among others.
The 2021 European Mixed Team Badminton Championships will hold in Vantaa, Finland, between 16 and 20 February 2021 and organised by Badminton Europe and Badminton Finland.
The qualification stage was held between 9–12 December 2020 in 6 cities across Europe.
§: Subgroup's winner.
The 2021Myanmar National League is the 12th season of the Myanmar National League, the top Myanmar professional league for association football clubs, since its establishment in 2009.
Shan United are the defending champions. Magwe and Southern Myanmar are disbanded after 2020 Myanmar National League season.[2]
President of Myanmar Football Federation for this year's Myanmar National League football season. A video conferencing meeting of the Myanmar National League Committee consisting of the Chairman of the Myanmar National League Committee and the owners / chairmen of MNL Clubs was held this morning. According to the unanimous decision of the meeting, the 2021 MPT MNL-1 football tournament is scheduled to be held from April to September, depending on the outbreak of the Covid-19 virus in 2021. In the 2021 MNL season,  Shan United, Hantharwady United, Ayeyawady United, Yangon United, Yadanarbon, Rakhine United, Sagaing United, ISPE FC, including Chinland FC and Myawaddy FC, which were allowed to qualify under MNL Regulations, have decided to hold the tournament with a total of 10 teams.  [3]
Promoted from the 2020 MNL-2
Relegated from the 2020 Myanmar National League
(*) – not ready to play. MNL clubs that have not had their home stadia ready to host home matches currently use Aung San Stadium and Thuwunna Stadium in Yangon.[4]
Note: Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
The 2021 NCAA Division I Men's Lacrosse Championship will be the 50th annual single-elimination tournament to determine the national championship for National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I men's college lacrosse.
The 2021 OpTic Chicago season is the second season for NRG Esports in the Call of Duty League. It is the first season under the brand of OpTic Chicago as it was announced on November 11, 2020, the rebrand of the former Chicago Huntsmen as former owner Hector "HECZ" Rodriguez regained the IP of OpTic Gaming.
The team announced on September 7th and 8th, 2020 that Pierce "Gunless" Hillman, Alec "Arcitys" Sanderson, and Preston "Prestinni" Sanderson left the team. Gunless and Prestinni ended up going to the Seattle Surge, meanwhile, Arcitys joined the Atlanta FaZe.
On September 14, 2020 it was announced that OpTic Gaming Los Angeles player Brandon "Dashy" Otell joined Seth "Scump" Abner", Matthew "FormaL" Piper, and Dylan "Envoy" Hannon to make up the starting roster as the CDL announced the league returned to 4v4.
Latest roster transaction: September 23, 2020. 
The 2021 WK League season is the 13th season of the WK League, the top division of women's football in South Korea. The regular season ran from TBA to TBA 2021.
The total number of foreign players was restricted to three per club, including a slot for a player from AFC countries. Boeun Sangmu are a military team and are not allowed to sign any foreign players due to their military status. 


The playoff will be played as a single-elimination match, with the Championship Final played over two legs.
The A2 highway is a road in Botswana running from the Namibian border at Buitepos through Jwaneng, Kanye and Lobatse to the South African border at Pioneer Gate.
The A2 is a major component of the Trans-Kalahari Corridor, which is a highway corridor that provides a direct route from Maputo in Mozambique via Pretoria to central Namibia, in particular to Windhoek and the port of Walvis Bay. There is an additional paved road from the A2 through Ghanzi to Maun.  There are only two filling stations between Gaborone and Ghanzi, one at Kang and another at Lekafane; thus distances between stations are large.  With the completion of a paved road from Ghanzi to Maun, the Trans-Kalahari highway provides a faster route to Maun than the eastern highway via Francistown. However the road is dangerous for fast moving through traffic especially at night because it is unfenced and large numbers of farm animals wander freely across it.[citation needed]

ABC Sports Indy Racing is a racing computer game made in 1997. It was officially licensed by the Indy Racing League.
Based on the 1996–97 Indy Racing League.
Race around one of eight real-world speedways, including the famous Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
Online multiplayer that supports up to four players.
The Academy Drama School (often referred to as the Academy) was a British drama school in London. It was founded in 1985 and closed in 2007.
The Academy was founded by Tim Reynolds and his wife Judith in 1985 as the Evening Academy of Dramatic Art (EADA). They saw the need for a drama school offering  semi 'professional' instruction for those with the desire and 'talent', but not the money or local authority grant to pay for it, although they still had to pay fees every term. Accordingly, they put together the Full Time Evening Course, a two-year (six-term) programme which enabled students to earn a living from a daytime job, while pursuing an intensive drama training at the school in the evenings and weekends.
The school was initially located at cold and damp premises in Oxford Street, but the rapid rise in demand for the Evening Course soon necessitated a move to its long-term location in Whitechapel. Which at the time of moving in was in an unfinished and dangerous condition and resembled a building site.
The Full Time Evening Course was always the core of the school's activities, but the Academy also established a one-year (three-term) Postgraduate Course and a one-year (three-term) drama school access course ('The Foundation Course') which culminated in a LAMDA Foundation Certificate in Acting (Level 3). A one-year (three-term) Acting with English Course was later created to help talented students with a lack of higher English skills. For these last three courses, classes were taught during the daytime.
The Academy also offered a variety of shorter courses, some oriented towards leisure but all offering the same standard of teaching as on the main vocational courses.
The school's patrons included Richard Briers, Edward de Souza and Ron Moody.
The school had its own theatre space on-site (The Andrew Sketchley Theatre), in which all in-house productions during the training were performed. However, those graduating the Full Time and Postgraduate courses had their final production presented at a London fringe venue. There was also a showcase staged for these graduates, which was presented to an invited audience of agents and casting directors at a West End theatre (venues for this included the Fortune Theatre and the Duchess Theatre).
Tim Reynolds died in 2006, and after 20 years of struggle, the Academy was finally forced into receivership in the face of mounting financial difficulties.
A statement on the school's official website read: "Following the tragic death of the principal, Tim Reynolds, the Academy closed in January 2007. His widow, Judith would like to thank everyone in the industry and most especially the graduate students who have been so supportive. Tim was very proud of them and their success, they are his memorial."
On the closure of the Academy, then principal Daniel Brennan established a new drama school in Wapping, called  Actor Works. The new school offers a full-time evening course, a foundation course in acting and a postgraduate course in a similar tradition to the Academy. A new Part-Time acting course began in January 2007, and various part-time specialist courses for professional actors started in 2009.
At the inception of The Actor Works on 18 December 2006, all mid-course Academy students were offered places and given the opportunity to complete their training at the new school. The great majority accepted a place at The Actor Works. Many former Academy tutors also joined the staff of the new establishment. The school is now in its sixth year of existence, having auditioned and accepted full complements of new Full-Time students each year.
Graduates of the Academy's various courses have gone on to work for esteemed theatre institutions such as the Royal Shakespeare Company and the Royal National Theatre, or in successful plays and musicals in London's West End and on national/international tours with companies such as Graeae, Chapterhouse and Pendle Productions. Others have appeared in films, or in television shows ranging from Doctor Who to Little Britain to Band of Brothers.
Coordinates: .mw-parser-output .geo-default,.mw-parser-output .geo-dms,.mw-parser-output .geo-dec{display:inline}.mw-parser-output .geo-nondefault,.mw-parser-output .geo-multi-punct{display:none}.mw-parser-output .longitude,.mw-parser-output .latitude{white-space:nowrap}51°31′07″N 0°03′49″W﻿ / ﻿51.5185°N 0.0635°W﻿ / 51.5185; -0.0635
Adler (Russian: А́длер) is a resort on the Black Sea coast located in the mouth of the Mzymta River. It used to be a town but is now a microdistrict within Adlersky City District of Sochi, Krasnodar Krai, Russia. It hosts a major railway station on the North Caucasus railway, which became the terminus after the Georgian–Abkhazian conflict broke the railway.
Svyatoy Dukh fortress was founded here by Russians in 1837. However, the region was inhabited long before the Russian arrival. Since ancient times, a Sadz Abkhazian village, named Liesh, had been located there. In the 12th century, the Genoese founded a factory here, known as Layso. During that time this land belonged to the Sadz princes of Aredba, which had one of their main settlements there. Turks called this place Artlar or Artı. Russians mispronounced it as Adler (from German Adler, meaning "eagle"). However, another theory postulates that the name comes from the brig Adler.
Adler is one of the most popular Russian resorts. It has a pebbly and narrow beach, backed by the railway in some places.
There are Russian Orthodox churches of the Trinity and the Holy Spirit, as well as the Armenian Saint Sarkis Cathedral.
There are also the Adlersky District History Museum and the South Cultures park in Adler.

Coordinates: .mw-parser-output .geo-default,.mw-parser-output .geo-dms,.mw-parser-output .geo-dec{display:inline}.mw-parser-output .geo-nondefault,.mw-parser-output .geo-multi-punct{display:none}.mw-parser-output .longitude,.mw-parser-output .latitude{white-space:nowrap}43°26′N 39°55′E﻿ / ﻿43.433°N 39.917°E﻿ / 43.433; 39.917

Aegina rosea  is a species of hydrozoan of the family Aeginidae.
Ağbiş is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Coordinates: .mw-parser-output .geo-default,.mw-parser-output .geo-dms,.mw-parser-output .geo-dec{display:inline}.mw-parser-output .geo-nondefault,.mw-parser-output .geo-multi-punct{display:none}.mw-parser-output .longitude,.mw-parser-output .latitude{white-space:nowrap}39°13′N 46°38′E﻿ / ﻿39.217°N 46.633°E﻿ / 39.217; 46.633
Agios Ioannis (Greek for Saint John) is a district of Limassol Municipality.
To the west it borders with Omonoia , to the north with Apostolos Andreas, to the east with Katholiki, to the southeast with Arnaoutogitonia and to the south with Tsiflikoudia.
In the district of Agios Ioannis are the Indoor Stadium Nikos Solomonidis (owned by AEL Limassol ) and the Indoor stadium Apollon Limassol (owned by Apollon Limassol ).
An air basin is an area within a ring or partial ring of mountains that in the absence of winds holds air and smog within the area.
Airlanding is a designation formerly held by glider-borne infantry units British Army. Airlanding units included infantry battalions and light armoured regiments together with combat support and combat service support units and sub-units. The Glider Pilot Regiment provided the aircrew to fly the gliders into battle (who were trained to fight alongside them on the ground thereafter). Although combat support and combat service support units had the term airlanding as part of their unit title, for example 1st Airlanding Light Regiment Royal Artillery, infantry battalions' names remained unchanged. All units wore the maroon beret of airborne forces with their own regimental capbadge.
The 1st and 6th Airlanding Brigades formed integral parts of the 1st and 6th Airborne Divisions. Paratroopers tended to become scattered over a wide area on landing. This meant they took some time to compose a useful force, once on the ground. Although gliders needed a certain amount of ground to land, the soldiers aboard arrived in larger groups (the Horsa glider carried a complete platoon) and ready for combat.
The British Army had been inspired in creating both glider-borne units and parachute units by the example of the German Luftwaffe's Glider Troops which had played a major role in Germany's invasions of the Low Countries, and Crete.
Probably the most famous action involving a glider-borne unit was that at Pegasus Bridge, the first landing of troops on D Day, as part of Operation Deadstick. On the night of 5/6 June 1944, D Company, 2nd Battalion Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry (2nd Ox & Bucks), led by Major  John Howard, together with Royal Engineers and men of the Glider Pilot Regiment (totalling 181 men), were carried in 6 Horsa gliders to capture the vital bridge (later renamed "Pegasus Bridge") over the Caen Canal, and the bridge over the Orne River (since known as Horsa Bridge, and which is east of Pegasus Bridge). This was intended to secure the eastern flank to prevent German armour from reaching the area behind Sword Beach and interfering with the beach landings of the 3rd Infantry Division there.
Five of the Ox and Bucks's gliders landed very close to their objectives at 16 minutes past midnight and poured out of their battered gliders, surprising the German defenders, and taking the bridges within 10 minutes. They lost two men, Lieutenant Den Brotheridge and Lance-Corporal Greenhalgh. One glider, assigned to the capture of Horsa Bridge, was landed at the bridge over the Rives Dives, some 7 miles from where they were meant to land. The soldiers captured the bridge, then moved through German lines towards the village of Ranville, where they eventually rejoined the British forces. The Ox & Bucks were reinforced half-an-hour after the landings by 7th Parachute Battalion, and linked up with the beach landing forces with the arrival of the British Commandos of the 1st Commando Brigade under the command of Brigadier Lord Lovat.
The Akbash Dog (Turkish: Akbaş, meaning White Head[1]) is native to Turkey, and it is primarily used as a livestock guardian dog or shepherd dog.
This breed was introduced to North America in the 1970s by U.S. citizens Judith and David Nelson[2]  who had been researching white coloured dogs in western Turkey.
The Akbash is a large dog, weighing from 75 to 140 pounds (34 to 64 kg), averaging 90 pounds for the female, and 120 pounds for the male. Akbash dogs range from about 27 to 32 inches (69 to 81 cm) tall. The Akbash tends to be leaner than other Turkish livestock guardian dog breeds (Kangal and Anatolian Shepherd), and some Akbash dogs may also be taller.
The Akbash has a smooth-short to medium-full white double coat (sometimes with light biscuit coloring at the ears). The dogs have long legs, a tail that curls and is frequently feathered, and pink skin blotched with black or blackish-brown under the white coat. Eye rims, nose and lips should be completely black or blackish-brown, but they may also be lighter, especially during cold winter months.
Although there is a great deal of variation in size and height of individuals, Akbash Dogs have a reputation for being tall with long, strong, flexible bodies. They have loose skin around their necks to help protect them from predators during fights. Heads can range from medium to heavy, though medium is preferred. Purebred Akbash Dogs may or may not be born with rear double dewclaws. Lack of or possession of rear double dewclaws in an Akbash is no indication of recent interbreeding with other livestock guardian breeds nor any other breeds.
Some people suggest that the Akbash and the Kangal Dog were originally distinct, pure Turkish breeds and that they were combined to create the Anatolian Shepherd Dog. There still exists controversy on this subject. Akbash Dogs should be easy to recognize next to Kangals and Anatolian Shepherds because of their white appearance, although some Anatolian Shepherds may resemble the Akbash or the Kangal.
Currently, it is legal to export Akbash Dogs from Turkey but not Kangal Dogs. Kangals are considered the national dog breed of Turkey.
The Akbash Dog is not recognized by the American Kennel Club (AKC) but is recognized by the United Kennel Club (UKC).[3] Akbash Dogs may be shown in the American Rare Breed Association (ARBA) shows, and in International All Breed Canine Association (IABCA) shows.
The Akbash personality tends to be calm and aware. The breed is neither shy nor aggressive. When used as a guard dog, it is suspicious of strangers in its territory, and alert to unusual sounds or changes in the environment. The breed is not naturally hostile, and is instead, naturally discerning, bred to think independently. The Akbash can be powerful against predators, yet, when properly exposed, be gentle with newborn lambs and goat kids. The usual first means of protection by an Akbash is to warn potential threats by posturing, barking and/or growling. The Akbash will chase away a predator or engage in physical combat if necessary.
Although the Akbash is frequently mistakenly referred to as a herding dog, they do not chase and round up livestock. Akbash Dogs should never chase livestock, although occasionally they may move their charges away from danger. The Akbash is one of the more popular of about 30 breeds worldwide of Flock Guardians, Livestock Protection Dogs, and Livestock Guardian Dogs (LGDs).
In their role as livestock guardian dogs, Akbash Dogs frequently spend long hours lying with flocks or herds. The Akbash is a relatively low energy breed, although they are said to always be thinking and taking in what is happening around them (and that they "sleep with one eye open"). They regularly patrol the perimeters of their territory, listening, sniffing and looking beyond the fence lines. Like their sighthound ancestors, the vision of Akbash Dogs is excellent. They reserve much of their physical energy for possible encounters with predators.
When protecting their charges they have tremendous power, focus, endurance, and perseverance. Their great speed, loose neck skin, flexible bodies, and bounding athleticism give them the physical edge they need to excel as livestock protection dogs. Most predators will not openly confront a working Akbash Dog. To avoid injuries to livestock protection dogs, and to better protect flocks and herds, more than one dog should be used in many working situations. Predators are less likely to challenge several protection dogs than a single dog. This is especially important when wolf packs, grizzlies and cougars are the prevalent threats.
The Akbash is uncommon as a companion dog. When trained appropriately from puppyhood on, they will get along with other domestic species. Since the Akbash has been bred to think on its own, dogs of this breed can be a challenge to train for obedience exercises. They have been bred not to chase their charges, so they tend not to be as interested in chasing balls or in games of fetch. They prefer large areas and may become discontent and, if relegated to a pen or small yard, may exhibit problem behaviors, like escaping or being destructive. Akbash Dogs require tall secure fencing for best containment. The Akbash is not a dog for everyone. It is a working breed and is happiest when given a job compatible with its breeding, or at the least, when kept mentally engaged.  These dogs are known for their intelligence, bravery, independence, and loyalty.
Akbash Dogs, like many large breeds, can be expected to live between 10 to 11 years on average, with some living much longer. Akbash Dogs are capable of bonding very closely with their owners and other animals and can display a range of emotions and sensitivity, unlike many other breeds. Like other breeds, they are susceptible to various infectious diseases and conditions to varying degrees.
Coordinates: .mw-parser-output .geo-default,.mw-parser-output .geo-dms,.mw-parser-output .geo-dec{display:inline}.mw-parser-output .geo-nondefault,.mw-parser-output .geo-multi-punct{display:none}.mw-parser-output .longitude,.mw-parser-output .latitude{white-space:nowrap}33°46′22″N 118°07′32″W﻿ / ﻿33.7726716°N 118.1254347°W﻿ / 33.7726716; -118.1254347Alamitos Heights is a neighborhood in the south-east portion of the city of Long Beach, California, United States.
The neighborhood is bounded by the Pacific Coast Highway on the north, Colorado Street on the south, Park Avenue on the west, and Bellflower Boulevard on the east.
Surrounding neighborhoods include University Park Estates to the east, Park Estates to the north, and Belmont Heights to the west. Alamitos Bay is located on the south of this neighborhood, and Recreation Park is found to the west.
Alamitos Beach, several miles southwest near downtown, is not contiguous; the Alamitos Heights neighborhood gained its name from Alamitos Bay, not the beach.
From 1904 to 1950, the neighborhood was served by the Pacific Electric Balboa Line.

All Saints' Cathedral is the cathedral of the Anglican Diocese of Western Kowloon. The cathedral is one of the three Anglican cathedrals in Hong Kong (the other two are St John's Cathedral and Holy Trinity Cathedral).
All Saints' Cathedral was founded in the Late Qing dynasty, 1891, at Kwun Chung. The current church in Mong Kok was build in 1928 and was renovated in 2010 and was consecrated as the Cathedral of the Diocese of Western Kowloon of the Hong Kong Sheng Kung Hui.
The architecture of the church was took the form of the western village. and the church is also the Grade III historic building in Hong Kong.
Alon Ushpiz (born February 7, 1966) is an Israeli Diplomat, currently serving as the Director General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Israel. He served before as the ambassador of Israel to India.
Ushpiz was born in Israel and was educated in the Hebrew Reali School. He served in the Israel Defense Forces until 1987. In 1992 he finished his degree in International relations and Japanese learnings in the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Israel. In 1999 he was appopinted adviser to then Minister of foreign affairs Shlomo Ben-Ami. In July 2011 he was appointed ambassador of Israel to India.
In June 2020 the government of Israel voted for his nomination to Director General of the Israeli ministry of foreign affairs.
Ushpiz is married and a father of two.
 Media related to Alon Ushpiz at Wikimedia Commons
CV in JGU University website
Always Outnumbered, Always Outgunned  is a television film based on the novel Always Outnumbered, Always Outgunned by author Walter Mosley. It first aired on pay television channel HBO in 1998.
The film stars Laurence Fishburne as aging ex-con Socrates Fortlow, who after a long incarceration, is trying hard to make a new life and to accept the regrets of his past. Meanwhile, he meets a young boy named Darryl, who witnessed a boy murdered by a friend of his. He also has to deal with his best friend's deteriorating health and finding work.

Princess Amélie Louise d'Arenberg, full German name: Amalie Luise, Prinzessin und Herzogin von Arenberg and full French name: Amélie Louise, princesse et duchesse d'Arenberg, (born 10 April 1789 in Brussels, Austrian Netherlands; died 4 April 1823 in Bamberg, Kingdom of Bavaria) was a member of the House of Arenberg by birth and, through her marriage to Duke Pius August in Bavaria, a member of the Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Gelnhausen line of the House of Wittelsbach. Amélie Louise was a grandmother of Empress Elisabeth of Austria through her son Duke Maximilian Joseph in Bavaria.
Born in Brussels, Austrian Netherlands, Amélie Louise was the daughter of Prince Louis Marie d'Arenberg and his first wife, Marie Adélaïde Julie de Mailly, dame d'Ivry-sur-Seine.
Amélie Louise married Duke Pius August in Bavaria, son of Duke Wilhelm in Bavaria and his wife Countess Palatine Maria Anna of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld, on 26 May 1807 in Brussels. Pius August and Amélie Louise had one son:
After their marriage, the couple moved to Bamberg and their son Maximilian Joseph was born the following year. In 1817, Amélie Louise sent her only son to reside with his great uncle Maximilian I Joseph of Bavaria, where he studied at the Royal Institute of Education. Amélie Louise did not see him until 1820. Shortly after returning from her second visit to Munich, Amélie Louise died in 1823 in Bamberg. She was interred in the burial crypt of Tegernsee Abbey.
Friedrich von Amerling (14 April 1803 – 14 January 1887) was an Austro-Hungarian portrait painter in the court of Franz Josef. He was born in Vienna and was court painter between 1835 and 1880. With Ferdinand Georg Waldmüller he is one of the outstanding Austrian portrait painters of the 19th century.
He was the son of the gold- and silversmith Franz Amerling and Theresia Kargl. He studied from 1815 to 1824 at the academy of the arts in Vienna, before journeying to Prague where he studied at the Academy until 1826. He spent 1827 and 1828 in London, where he was influenced by the portrait painter Sir Thomas Lawrence. Further journeys led him to Paris, where he studied with Horace Vernet, and Rome; he then returned to Vienna, where after 1828 he worked for the Austrian court, the aristocracy and middle class. He received the Reichel prize of the academy in Vienna in 1829.
Amerling spent much time traveling: in 1836 and 1838 to Italy, 1838 to the Netherlands, 1839 to Munich, 1840-43 in Rome, 1882 in Spain, 1883 in England, 1884 in Greece, 1885 in Scandinavia up to Norway's North Cape and 1886 to Egypt and Palestine. He was married four times: to Antonie Kaltenthaler from 1832 until her death in 1843; from 1844–45 to Katharina Heissler (ending in divorce); from 1857 until her death in 1880 with Emilie Heinrich; and finally to Maria Nemetschke from 1881 until his death.
In 1878 Amerling was elevated to the nobility and was called Friedrich Ritter von Amerling. As one of the most outstanding artists of Vienna he received numerous important men of letters and musicians (such as Franz Liszt) at home. In 1858 he acquired the Gumpendorf castle in Vienna and equipped it after his taste with valuable art treasures. The building was therefore called, in the vernacular, Amerlingschloessl.
Apart from numerous other honours, he received the Orden der Eisernen Krone in 1879. Upon his death in 1887, a street in Vienna was designated the Amerlingstrasse in his name. He was buried in the Viennese central cemetery, where he is commemorated with a monument designed by Johannes Benk. The same artist also created the Amerling monument in the Viennese city park, dedicated in 1902.
In 1948 the Austrian post office issued a special stamp on the 60th anniversary of Friedrich von Amerling's death. On 3 March 2008 the Österreichische Post issued another Amerling stamp. This time it was one of a series commemorating the Liechtenstein Museum in Vienna and featured Princess Marie Franziska of Liechtenstein.[citation needed]
Amerling created over 1000 works, mostly portraits. He was the most popular portrait painter of the high aristocracy and the large middle class of the Biedermeier period. The years from 1830 to 1850 represent the high point of his work. His style has points of similarity to that of Ingres, combining clarity of outline with rich coloration.Amerling's work was exhibited in Vienna in 2003. Most of his work remains in Austria.
Portrait of Andreas Amerling (1829)
Julie Countess of Woyna (1832)
Reading girl (1835)
Count István Széchenyi (1836)
Baron Pfuel (1836)
Portrait of Ms. Plach (1850)
Amtsbezirk is a German language designation for a country subdivision. It was used in Prussia from 1874 until 1945 and in the canton of Bern before 1 January, 2010.
Ancient Thera (Greek: Αρχαία Θήρα) is an ancient city on a ridge of the steep, 360 m high Messavouno mountain on the Greek island of Santorini. It was named after the mythical ruler of the island, Theras, and was inhabited from the 9th century BC until 726 AD. Starting in 1895, Friedrich Hiller von Gaertringen systematically investigated the city until 1904. Later excavations by N. Zapheiropoulos between 1961 and 1982, under the auspices of the Archaeological Society of Athens, unearthed the city's necropolis in Sellada. Findings from these excavations are on exhibit at the archaeological museum in Fira. Excavation work was again taken up between 1990 and 1994 under the leadership of Wolfram Hoepfner of the Free University of Berlin and resulted in a more precise understanding of the history of the southern Aegean.
Ancient Thera is today open to the public and can be reached on a winding road that starts at Kamari or several footpaths from both sides of the mountain.
The ancient city consisted of a street almost 800 m long and especially wide for its time (between two and four meters) extending in a southeastern direction and containing several imposing buildings. A small cul-de-sac branches off at right angles and at its termination, high up on the mountainside, were the headquarters of a garrison stationed in the city. After about 200 meters of street the city expands to cover an area of about 100 x 100 meters on an exposed plateau high above the rocky coast. Residential areas are grouped around an Agora which is across from a theater built into the lower slope. Separated off and facing the sea at the eastern tip of the plateau is a small sacred area with temple grounds and public facilities. All buildings are constructed of the local limestone of the mountain itself. Wood was rare on the island and seldom used for building.
At the base of the mountain at the edge of today's city (Kamari) was a necropolis which was used almost as long as the ancient city existed. The city also had a harbor, not yet precisely localized, which supposedly had shipyards and lodgings for sailors and soldiers. Ancient Thera had two seaports, namely Oia (Greek: Οία, not to be confused with modern Oia) and Elefsina (Greek: Ελευσίνα), located respectively at present-day Kamari and Perissa.
In archaic times the city was an unimportant settlement at the southern periphery of the Cyclades. It was founded by Doric colonists from Sparta, who recognized the strategic value of its location on a rocky ridge. Herodotus and Pausanias give accounts of the mythical ruler, Theras, a descendant of the Phoenician ruler Cadmus and son of the king of Thebes, Autesion, who ruled over Sparta and Laconia on behalf of his underage nephews Eurysthenes and Procles. After they came of age he founded a new settlement on the island of Kalliste (old Greek: Καλλίστῃ), which was subsequently named Thera after him (modern Greek: Thira, Θήρα). This name was also given to the city, of which there is archaeological evidence dating from the 9th century BCE. Herodotus goes on to write of a seven-year drought around the year 630 BCE which forced the inhabitants of Thera to send colonists to Cyrenaica in today's Libya.
This settlement was so successful that Thera long enjoyed a good reputation as the mother city of Cyrene despite its own relative unimportance. A collection of 760 coins were found dating from the 6th century BCE, which give evidence of a modest amount of trade links to Athens and Corinth to the west and Ionia and Rhodes to the east.
The role of the city changed in the second half of the 3rd century BCE when the Ptolemaic wartime fleet for the entire Aegean Sea was stationed in the city's harbor in Hellenistic times. The city was completely rebuilt for the officers; the former layout was replaced by a regular street grid, and imposing buildings in the form of peristyle houses were erected. The fleet was withdrawn around 145 BCE, and historic records from the city are completely lacking until about the year 1.
In Roman times starting in the middle of the 1st century BCE the island and city were part of the Roman province of Asia, and although no high officials resided on the island Thera was relatively prosperous and significant, thanks to elaborate construction projects and the fact that Therans managed to attain high positions, including twice the office of provincial high priest.
In the first third of the 3rd century the dissolution of the Roman Empire was also reflected by the absence of reports about the island. During Byzantine times, Thera as a diocesan town was again more frequently mentioned; up into the 5th century it was the only urban settlement on the island of Santorini. As was the case with the entire region, it subsequently lost importance. In the year 726 it was covered by a layer of pumice after a relatively small eruption of the volcano of Santorini and shortly thereafter the city was given up. Information about the destruction comes from the reports of Theophanes, a Byzantine chronicler.
As there are only slight traces of the earlier settlement, descriptions of the city primarily relate to its Hellenistic golden age and later developments.
Some information about the role of the Ptolemaic soldiers in the city is known from inscriptions. There were originally only three officers and about 300 soldiers stationed in Thera, but later further office holders and pensioned officers settled there and clearly changed the character of the city. It is not known whether the entire population was placed under military administration or whether it could retain its political independence. On the one hand the soldiers were Greeks from the mainland, but on the other hand the proportion of Egyptian mercenaries rapidly increased, who with their gods strongly influenced the city's religious cults.
Particularly noteworthy are:
There is evidence of two types of private dwellings. The officers of the fleet resided in peristyle houses with colonnades, most of which were built on terraces on the eastern slope below the main street. From there the inhabitants enjoyed a spectacular view of the sea more than 300 m below. Most of the city's inhabitants lived up on the mountain plateau. They built their houses around a small central courtyard under which a cistern was located to provide an essential source of water. Some of the houses had two levels, and in a few cases the terrain permitted small basements as well.
Archaeological remains are sparse; before the city was abandoned it had lost importance and only a few relics of its golden age survived. Inscriptions from the city's beginnings found at the sanctuary on the spur of the mountain ridge are noteworthy. They date from the transition from the 9th to the 8th century BC and are thus among the oldest known examples of the use of the Greek alphabet, which evolved from the Phoenician alphabet. In some cases a precursor form of Greek letters was still in use. The inscriptions include dedications of altar stones to a wide variety of gods from Greek mythology. These include Zeus in four cases, Koures in two cases (which may be another kind of invocation for Zeus), and one each for Apollo, Lochaia, Damia, Castor and Pollux, Chiron, Deuteros, and the North wind (Boreas). Then, at a slight distance, there are inscriptions relating to the Erinyes, Athanaia, Biris, the Charites, Hermes and Persephone (Core). Both the wide variety as well as the references to many gods who are not otherwise prominent are conspicuous features. Also noteworthy is the frequency of lesser gods connected with the family, birth, children and the rearing of children.
The second common type of inscription was also found on the spur of the ridge, but in this case on the rock walls around the forecourt of the gymnasium, where, according to the texts, competitions and sacred acts took place already before the construction of the sports ground. These inscriptions survived thanks to the underlying limestone, which is coated with a dark, grayish blue crust which can be easily knocked off to expose the white stone underneath. Inscriptions could thus be produced by anybody, not only specialized stonemasons. Some of the texts relate directly to competitions. On one heavy stone the name of the contestant who could throw it the farthest was engraved. In other cases the inscriptions refer to sexual acts which probably describe pederastic relationships of elder erastes with young sportsmen and dancers. The texts are in a very early form of Greek and thus sometimes difficult to interpret. It is uncertain whether they are a form of boasting or whether the sexual acts had a cultic background.
Ceramic relics were found which followed both the 8th century geometric style and the 7th century orientalizing style. They resemble models from the island of Naxos, but the design was late in arriving on Santorini. Several, mostly heavily damaged figures called "Daedalic idols" date from the second half of the 7th century and were grave goods. Only one of these idols survived relatively intact. It represents a woman with raised arms, her gestures being interpreted as a lamentation for the dead.
The most famous relics from Ancient Thera are several larger-than-life statues of youths, known as kouroi, also sculpted in the second half of the 7th century BC. Since the island had no marble quarries, no unique stylistic tradition emerged. Both the marble as well as the artistic style came from the island of Naxos. The finest statue of this type dates from the beginning of the 6th century BC and is known as the Apollo of Thera. All statues were found in the burial grounds below the city.
There are two caves in the vicinity of Ancient Thera, one of which appears to be an additional antique sanctuary and the other either a place of cult worship or simply a garbage pit, depending on how the many remains of bones and traces of food preparation are interpreted.
Coordinates: .mw-parser-output .geo-default,.mw-parser-output .geo-dms,.mw-parser-output .geo-dec{display:inline}.mw-parser-output .geo-nondefault,.mw-parser-output .geo-multi-punct{display:none}.mw-parser-output .longitude,.mw-parser-output .latitude{white-space:nowrap}36°21′52.51″N 25°28′40.58″E﻿ / ﻿36.3645861°N 25.4779389°E﻿ / 36.3645861; 25.4779389

Angle Tarn is a tarn to the north of Bowfell in the English Lake District. It drains into Langstrath Beck.
This should not be confused with Angle Tarn (Patterdale), a larger lake with the same name about 11.5 miles (18.5 km) to the south-west, also within the Lake District National Park.

Aqui d'El-Rock was a pioneer band of punk-rock in Portugal, formed in Bairro do Relógio in Lisbon (1977) and the first to achieve record in this music style.
Aqui d'El-Rock was a band founded in Lisbon, in Bairro do Relógio (aka Bº do Cambodja), by Zé Serra (drums), Fernando Gonçalves (electric bass), Alfredo Pereira (electric guitar) and Oscar Martins (voice) and electric guitar). The first 3 were part of dance ensembles from 1973 that played repertoire aimed at this purpose, later interpreting covers from groups such as Black Sabbath, Led Zeppelin, Grand Funk Railroad, The Stooges among others.
The desire for an exclusive dedication to rock sounds and the composition of songs in Portuguese, inspired by the aesthetics associated with punk, the regime change that occurred in Portugal in the wake of the April 25, 1974 Revolution, determined the reorientation of the philosophy of group, which came to be called Aqui d'El-Rock. The band, which debuted at Clube Atlético de Campo de Ourique (Lisbon, April 29, 1978), was to star in one of the first manifestations of punk-rock in Portugal, which was emphasized in the publication of two phonograms (1978 and 1979 ), in which the term punk appears highlighted on the cover of the first. The scarce resources used in the recording, the low quality of the sound record and the use of some instruments built by the musicians themselves, evidenced the group's wild character, also expressing the ideal of authenticity, one of the central values in the punk movement. Using metaphor and irony, his songs dealt with urban everyday situations such as unemployment, marginality and excesses.
The aggressiveness of the musical and performative style, based on structural simplicity and the vigorous rhythms of rock'n'roll style, reinforced the challenging and provocative character, within the universe of modern music, to the complexity and virtuosity of the so-called “symphonic rock” that had been accentuated since the beginning of the 70s.
After recording the second single (1979), the group shared shows with other recent graduates who developed musical styles also inspired by punk-rock (UHF, Faíscas, Xutos & Pontapés, among others), highlighting the participation in the 1st part of the show by the English group Eddie & The Hot Rods (Coliseu dos Recreios de Lisboa, July 1978). The song ‘You have to violate the system’, a reference in the band's repertoire, gave rise to one of the first video clips of a Portuguese rock group (RTP, August 1978).
After the departure of Alfredo Pereira (mid-1979), Carlos Cabral (electric guitar) and Alberto Barradas (electric guitar and secondary voice) joined the group and he came to participate in that period in the opening of several shows by foreign artists, namely Lene Lovich (Lisbon and Porto), Wilko Johnson & The Solid Senders and Cheap Trick (Lisbon).
Despite its short career, Aqui d’El-Rock stood out for creating a repertoire in Portuguese and featured one of the first manifestations of so-called Portuguese rock. Its pioneering and marginal character, inspired the appearance of other bands of the style.
Some of his songs integrated revivalist collections such as “Grande Geração Rock” (Metrosom, 1997), dedicated to Portuguese rock groups, and “Killed By Death Vol. 41” (Redrum, 1998), dedicated to punk-rock. In 2001, the Brazilian Ratos de Porão made a version of "I don't know". In Portugal, this theme was covered by the Eskizofrénicos and the Speedtracks re-recorded (with an adapted lyric) the classic "The system must be violated". This song also took a new approach by the Clockwork Boys in late 2005 and Avô Varejeira in 2010.
In 2007, as a celebration of the band's 30th anniversary, it was published by the Italian "Rave Up Records", a limited edition of 500 copies of an EP on vinyl red. The lyrics of the theme "The system must be violated", was one of the lyrics included in the analysis of the book "As Palavras do Punk", by Paula Guerra & Augusto Santos Silva (Alêtheia Editores, 2016). Subsequently (last quarter from 81 to March 82), the group adopted the name Mau-Mau and created a new repertoire shaped by the emerging styles of the new wave sound, of which the themes edited in a 1982 single ('Shanghai' and 'Vietsoul').
The Arab Republic of Egypt, was a state forged in 1953 under the rule of Mohammed Naguib following the Egyptian Revolution of 1952 in which the Kingdom of Egypt's Muhammad Ali Dynasty came to an end. 
The territory of the state compromised modern day Egypt as well as the Gaza Strip, governed by the All-Palestine Protectorate.
The Arab Republic of Egypt was created following the Egyptian Revolution of 1952 led by the Free Officers, a group of Army Officers who wanted to overthrow King Farouk and abolish the Muhammad Ali Dynasty in Egypt which was led by Mohamed Naguib.
The Free Officers's goals were to Abolish the Kingdom of Egypt, to establish a Republic, end the British Occupation of Egypt including the Suez Canal, and to secure the independence of Sudan from the British which governed it as Anglo-Egyptian Sudan. The revolutionary government adopted a staunchly nationalist, anti-imperialist agenda, which came to be expressed chiefly through Arab nationalism, and international non-alignment.
By the 25th of July, the army had occupied Alexandria, where the King was in residence at the Montaza Palace. Terrified, Farouk abandoned Montaza and fled to Ras Al-Teen Palace on the waterfront. Naguib ordered the captain of Farouk's yacht, al-Mahrusa, not to sail without orders from the army.
Debate broke out among the Free Officers concerning the fate of the deposed King. While some (including Gen. Naguib and Nasser) thought that the best course of action was to send him into exile, others argued that he should be put on trial or executed. Finally, the order came for Farouk to abdicate in favour of his son, Crown Prince Ahmed Fuad – who was acceded to the throne as King Fuad II – and a three-man Regency Council was appointed. The Former King's departure into Exile came on Saturday, 26 July 1952 and at 6 o'clock that evening he set sail for Italy with protection from the Egyptian army. On 28 July 1953, Muhammad Naguib became the first President of Egypt, which marked the beginning of modern Egyptian Governance.
Following the 1952 Revolution by the Free Officers Movement, the rule of Egypt passed to Military hands and all political parties were banned. On 18 June 1953, the Egyptian Republic was declared, with General Muhammad Naguib as the first President of the Republic, serving in that capacity for a little under one and a half years.
Naguib was forced to resign in 1954 by Gamal Abdel Nasser – a Pan-Arabist and the main architect of the 1952 movement – and was later put under house arrest. After Naguib's resignation, the position of President was vacant until the election of Gamal Abdel Nasser in 1956.
In October 1954, Egypt and the British Empire agreed to abolish the Anglo-Egyptian Condominium Agreement of 1899 and grant Sudan independence to become the Republic of The Sudan; the agreement came into force on 1 January 1956.
Nasser assumed Power as president in June 1956. British forces completed their withdrawal from the occupied Suez Canal Zone on 13 June 1956. He nationalised the Suez Canal on 26 July 1956; his hostile approach towards Israel and economic nationalism prompted the beginning of the Second Arab-Israeli War (Suez Crisis), in which Israel (with support from France and the United Kingdom) occupied the Sinai peninsula and the Canal. The war came to an end because of USA and USSR diplomatic intervention and the status quo was restored.
On 29 October, Israel invaded the Egyptian Sinai. Britain and France issued a joint ultimatum to cease fire, which was ignored. On 5 November, Britain and France landed paratroopers along the Suez Canal. While the Egyptian forces were defeated, they had blocked the Canal to all shipping. It later became clear that Israel, France and Britain had conspired to plan out the invasion. The three allies had attained a number of their military objectives, but the Canal was useless. Heavy political pressure from the United States and the USSR led to a withdrawal. U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower had strongly warned Britain not to invade; he threatened serious damage to the British financial system by selling the US government's Pound Sterling bonds. Historians conclude the Crisis "signified the end of Great Britain's role as one of the world's major powers".
In 1958, Egypt and Syria formed a sovereign union known as the United Arab Republic, ending the Arab Republic of Egypt.
Arajamugh (Armenian: Առաջամուղ, also Arashamud - Առաշամուդ) is a model village in the Jabrayil District of Azerbaijan. The village had an ethnic Armenian-majority population prior to the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war.
The village was founded in 2004 by the Tufenkian Foundation, working in conjunction with the Artsakh Department of Resettlement and Refugee Affairs. As of 2014, the village features 19 houses with 85 inhabitants, including Karabakh Armenians as well as Armenian refugees from Azerbaijan. Arajamugh also features a school and possesses modern amenities - water, power lines, and gravel roads and was 5.7 km from Jabrayil. 
The Tufenkian Foundation has planted 7 hectares of pomegranate orchards in the area around the village, which are now actively cultivated. The village has received support from Artsakh Fund – Eastern US. In 2015, there were renovations of facades for all houses, the village school and the mayor's office. In 2016 a new phase of house construction begun. 
Arajamugh was part of the Hadrut Province of the self-proclaimed Republic of Artsakh since the First Nagorno-Karabakh war until its recapture by Azerbaijan on 20 October 2020 during the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war.
Aran is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 467.[citation needed]

Aran is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 481.[citation needed]

Arruitz is a town and a local council area in the municipality of Larraun within the Autonomous Community of Navarra, northern Spain.
Coordinates: .mw-parser-output .geo-default,.mw-parser-output .geo-dms,.mw-parser-output .geo-dec{display:inline}.mw-parser-output .geo-nondefault,.mw-parser-output .geo-multi-punct{display:none}.mw-parser-output .longitude,.mw-parser-output .latitude{white-space:nowrap}42°59′39.65″N 1°51′47.24″W﻿ / ﻿42.9943472°N 1.8631222°W﻿ / 42.9943472; -1.8631222
The Asian Men's Volleyball Cup, so-called the AVC Cup for Men is an international volleyball competition in Asia and Oceania contested by the top ten senior men's national teams of the members of Asian Volleyball Confederation (AVC), the sport's continent governing body. The tournaments have been awarded every two years since 2008. The current champion is Iran, which won its third title at the 2016 tournament.
The 5 Asian Volleyball Cup tournaments have been won by three different national teams. Iran have won three times. The other Asian Volleyball Cup winners are China and South Korea with one title each.
The 2016 Asian Men's Volleyball Cup took place in Nakhon Pathom, Thailand. The next Asian Championship will be hosted by Chinese Taipei in 2018.
This event should not be confused with the other, more prestigious, continental competition for Asian national volleyball teams, the Asian Volleyball Championship and Asian Volleyball Challenge Cup.













The Assam Public Service Commission (APSC) is an Indian government agency headquartered at Jawahar Nagar, Khanapara in Guwahati and functions through its own secretariat.  Shri Pallab Bhattacharyya, IPS (Retd.) is its current Chairman.[needs update]
Established on 1 April 1937 as Public Service Commission,  in accordance with the provision of the Govt. of India Act, 1935.
As mentioned in Article 320, Part XIV of the Constitution of India, the Commission shall be consulted on all matters relating to recruitment to civil services and posts in the state of Assam. The Assam Public Service Commission has to discharge the duties and functions as specified in its Regulations, the prime duties and functions of the Commission are: 
1. To recommend candidates for Direct Recruitment to the various services of the State Government. 2. To advise the Government on the principles to be followed to assess the suitability of the officers for promotion. 3. To advise the Govt. on all disciplinary matters affecting the person serving under the Government within the purview of the Commission;4.  To advise the Government on all matters relating to framing of Recruitment Rules/Draft Service Rules of different departments of the Government; 5.  To advise the Government relating to the method of recruitment to Civil Services; 6.  To advise the Government on matters relating to protection and fixation of pay, in respect of Government servants, who were initially appointed as per the recommendation of the Commission; 7.  To conduct Departmental examinations for Government services.

The Association of Colleges (AoC) is a not-for-profit membership organisation set up by colleges to act as their collective voice, representing further education colleges in the UK, with an associated registered charitable trust and a commercial arm, AoC Services. The Association was created in 1996 and provides a broad range of services to its member FE colleges.
Today, AoC represents and promotes the interests of 248 further education, sixth form, tertiary and specialist colleges across the UK – over 95% of the sector. It influences Government and its agencies on policies affecting colleges and their students and staff at national and regional levels. They also provide members with professional support services, which include expert advice lines for employment, communications, health and safety, governance and teaching and learning. Each year it hosts a large Annual Conference and Exhibition to consider the future of the sector. 
AoC is governed by a Board composed of principals from member colleges, together with members appointed to represent the interests of various groupings within the sector or to enhance the effectiveness of the Board. In addition, there is a Governors’ Council which advises the Board on Governance related matters. Each November, AoC holds an Annual Conference and Exhibition which brings together senior leaders and policy makers to discuss the future of the sector. The 2016 event took place on 15-17 November in Birmingham.
AoC Services provide additional support to colleges in areas which may not be covered in AoC's member services. These range from recruitment of permanent and interim staff, training, conferences and events, sponsorship and consultancy. All profits that AoC Create makes are reinvested into the FE sector through the AoC.
AoC Jobs is their specialist job board for further education, promoting jobs available in colleges. These range from teaching, lecturing and tutoring jobs to more general business support roles and senior management positions.
AoC Sport is the lead membership organisation for college sport and physical activity.  AoC Sport encourages and supports every student to participate in sport and physical activity as an integrated part of their college experience.
AoC Charitable Trust aims to support post-16 education. The Trust administers two UK-wide annual awards schemes. Supported by education and industry sponsorship, the Beacon Awards recognise outstanding college provision in subjects ranging from widening participation to sport. The Gold Awards acknowledge college alumni who have made a major contribution to their field.

Astragalus ochreatus is a species of milkvetch in the family Fabaceae.

Astragalus stocksii is a species of milkvetch in the family Fabaceae.
Ataba River is a river of northern Ethiopia and a tributary of the Tekezé River.[citation needed]

Atelier Fontana - Le sorelle della moda (Atelier Fontana - "The sisters of fashion") is an Italian television miniseries directed by Riccardo Milani and produced by Rai Fiction and Lux Vide, and broadcast premiered on Rai 1 in two evenings, on 27 and 28 February 2011. The three protagonists of the fiction are Alessandra Mastronardi, Anna Valle and Federica De Cola.
The series is based on the life of the Sorelle Fontana, the three seamstresses of the province of Parma who became famous when in 1949 they made the wedding dress with which Linda Christian married Tyrone Power, Atelier became one of the most requested stylists by the Hollywood stars.
Zoe, Micol and Giovanna Fontana are three young sisters who, after a peaceful childhood, work all together in the tailoring that their mother leads into her own home of Traversetolo, a small center in the province of Parma. Micol feels his esteem a bit limited and dreams of opening a whole atelier in a big city. Meanwhile, while her elder sister Zoe marries Mario, a modest but very young boy, she lives a love story with Enrico Landi, the son of a very wealthy family, but known as scooping and therefore pissed off by the stern mom Amabile. But Micol has clear ideas about his future, and he soon convinces his sisters to move to Rome, then the Italian capital of fashion, so he marries Enrico, the great love of his life, despite being completely discharged by his parents.
In Rome, we are in the years 1938-39, the three girls find employment in some great tailor shops but they all struggle. Giovanna immediately chooses to leave her job as an employee, arranging for occasional jobs and looking after the house and the newborn daughter of Zoe. Micol has a turbulent relationship with the main Mazzocchi who, however, casually discovered the talent of his worker, slowly gives her more space. After having had a daughter, Maria Paola, Micol releases her oppressive employer thanks to the sponsorship of Princess Caetani, who finds out by chance that the creations she wears are actually the work of Micol himself, not Mazzocchi. With the support of this, the sisters can go in their own and open a whole tailoring. Micol also finds out that her husband has lied for months about her work and does not forgive her. With enormous sacrifices, then, the sisters are able to set up their first fashion show, but just on the eve of this comes the news that Henry took away his daughter Maria Paola. So Micol, busy retrieving the little girl, does not attend the triumph that has her first parade.
Micol returns to Rome with his daughter. About ten years later, it is thanks to little Maria Paola that Micol knows the famous actress Linda Christian. At the moment the meeting does not seem to have great consequences, but in reality will be decisive for the fate of the atelier. Meanwhile, Giovanna has also found love while Micol continues to raise the child without his father, being able to count on the support of his parents, who have now moved to Rome.
Business goes bad until Linda Christian returns to the atelier to ask Micol to pack her wedding dress for the wedding that will join her with Hollywood's Tyrone Power. It is the turning point that all awaited. The popularity of this event will make the Fontana Sisters famous all over the world and therefore very demanding. Overwhelming, however, prevents Micol from accompanying Tropea to her daughter, who leaves with her sister Giovanna. When it is almost released, Calabria suddenly comes to the news that the baby is very bad. Micol rushes to the bedside of his daughter, to whom the thoughtful dr. Leonardo Cafiero diagnoses typhus. Emergency in Rome, there is nothing left to do. The girl dies and Micol falls into depression. To support her, her husband Enrico returns incredibly. She seems to appreciate her closeness, but as soon as he starts to settle down again (for financial reasons and to enjoy what Micol has built with so much sacrifice), she hunts him permanently.
Determined to cancel the marriage, Micol now drags herself without understanding the meaning of her life, after the loss of her daughter. Following insistence he collects a council of Dr. Cafiero and an invitation of her friend Linda Christian, visiting her in Hollywood. In the United States, after a long stay, it rediscovers the lost stimuli and the contacts it initiates will be decisive for a further impulse to the activity of the Fontana atelier.
Again in Rome, the sisters welcome with pleasure the renewed enthusiasm of Micol, which seems even overwhelming. Not only has he committed himself to providing clothes for Ava Gardner's new film The Barefoot Contessa, but wants to build a high fashion collection that can launch it on the American market, she says she is very much in favor of accepting Italian style. The effort would seem unbearable, but with new funding and a great boost of the atelier, the three sisters, with no initial contrasts and internal divergence, can perfectly compile and meet all the demands.
Micol has also regained his love with Leonardo, as he seals the success of the three sisters, arrives at the private audience with the Pope, receiving them with a representation of women workers and proud parents. Mom Amabile will soon leave them, while her three daughters are now the undisputed ambassadors of Italian style in the world.
Micol Fontana appears in the very last sequence of the movie: she was the only one of the three sisters still alive in 2010, when the fiction was filmed.
Atlantis was the name used by a German airline operating Douglas DC-8 and DC-9 jetliners during the early 1970s.
Antonella Attili (born 3 April 1963) is an Italian film and television actress.
Authors Tree Publishing is Indian self publishing house in india located Bilaspur (Chhattisgarh), who providing worldwide book (educational and literature) distribution. Established  in 2019 by Kaushik Couple. M Kaushik (Entrepreneur, Author) is the founder and Ceo of this organisation. Recently they published "safalata ke bees panne" mindset coach and motivational speaker Dr. Dinesh Gupta (Limca book of records Awardee).
Authors Tree Publishing has launched a non profit NGO in which children are given free education.



The Avante! Festival (Portuguese: Festa do Avante!) is an annual cultural festival held during the first weekend of September. It was started in 1976 by the Portuguese Communist Party and is named after the party's official newspaper, Avante!
After taking part in different locations around Lisbon, like the Feira Internacional de Lisboa, Ajuda and Loures, the festival is now held in Amora, a town near Seixal in a ground bought by the party after a massive fundraising campaign in the early 90s. The campaign was considered by the party as the only way to avoid the boycott organised by the owners of the previous festivals grounds, that culminated in 1987 with the festival not having been held after 11 editions. The festival usually sees hundreds of thousands of visitors, making the outside of the ground appear like a gigantic camping park. The festival consists of a three-day music festival, with the participation of hundreds of Portuguese and international bands and artists in five different stages, ethnography, gastronomy, debates, a book & music fair, theatre (Avanteatro), cinema (Cineavante) and sporting events. Several foreign communist parties also participate.
In 28 editions, the festival has hosted several famous artists, Portuguese and foreign, like Chico Buarque, Baden Powell, Ivan Lins, Buffy Sainte-Marie, Holly Near, Johnny Clegg, Charlie Haden, Judy Collins, Richie Havens, Tom Paxton, The Soviet Circus Company, the Kuban Cossacks Choir, Dexys Midnight Runners,  The Band, Hevia, Adriano Correia de Oliveira, Carlos Paredes, Jorge Palma, Manoel de Oliveira and many others.
The preparation of the festival begins right after the end of the previous festival. Hundreds of party members and their friends, mostly young people, volunteer for the hard work of building a small town in a few months. 
The Avante! Festival has the capacity for over 100,000 people. It tends to be at full capacity during the days of the festival. 
1986 promotional poster
2009 festival
2009 stage

Azóia is a town in the municipality of Sesimbra, parish of Castelo, near Cabo Espichel.
Coordinates: .mw-parser-output .geo-default,.mw-parser-output .geo-dms,.mw-parser-output .geo-dec{display:inline}.mw-parser-output .geo-nondefault,.mw-parser-output .geo-multi-punct{display:none}.mw-parser-output .longitude,.mw-parser-output .latitude{white-space:nowrap}38°25′55″N 9°11′02″W﻿ / ﻿38.432°N 9.184°W﻿ / 38.432; -9.184
Ba Ria Vung Tau Football Club (Vietnamese: Câu lạc bộ bóng đá Bà Rịa-Vũng Tàu), simply known as Ba Ria Vung Tau, is a professional football club based in Bà Rịa. The currently play in V.League 2.
As of January 2021
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Arthur Herman Bader (September 21, 1886 – April 15, 1957) was a Major League Baseball player. Bader played for the St. Louis Browns in the 1904 season. In two games, he had no hits in three at-bats, playing the outfield. He batted and threw right-handed.
Bader was born and died in St. Louis, Missouri.

Bagh Sanja, also known as Bagh Sanjari or Goth Bara Bagh, is a village in Lasbela District, Balochistan, Pakistan.
Coordinates: .mw-parser-output .geo-default,.mw-parser-output .geo-dms,.mw-parser-output .geo-dec{display:inline}.mw-parser-output .geo-nondefault,.mw-parser-output .geo-multi-punct{display:none}.mw-parser-output .longitude,.mw-parser-output .latitude{white-space:nowrap}26°17′31″N 66°18′24″E﻿ / ﻿26.292027°N 66.306757°E﻿ / 26.292027; 66.306757

Bairoi (Olatpur) is a town situated 17 km from Phul Nakhara and 30 km from Cuttack and Bhubaneswar in Orissa, India. It is the birthplace of Ramakrushna Nanda, the grandfather of Manoranjan Nanda, a writer and social worker.
Bairoi has a population of 50,000 including males and females. Bairoi has an average literacy rate of 85%.

Bakkaflói is a large bay in eastern Iceland, to the north of Bakkafjordur and to the southeast of Langanes.
Coordinates: .mw-parser-output .geo-default,.mw-parser-output .geo-dms,.mw-parser-output .geo-dec{display:inline}.mw-parser-output .geo-nondefault,.mw-parser-output .geo-multi-punct{display:none}.mw-parser-output .longitude,.mw-parser-output .latitude{white-space:nowrap}66°07′30″N 14°51′25″W﻿ / ﻿66.125°N 14.857°W﻿ / 66.125; -14.857
Balankanche (also Balancanche, Balaamcanche, Balaancanche) is an ancient Maya cave site lying at short distance from the archaeological Maya-Toltec city of Chichen Itza, Yucatan. For more than two thousand years, it has been the focus of rituals dedicated to the Maya rain god, Chaac, and, in the Post-Classic period, also to his Toltec counterpart, Tlaloc. The cave complex was visited by Edward Thompson and Alfred Tozzer in 1905 and has since 1932 been explored and studied by various Mexican and US scholars. Small buildings and platforms surrounded the cave's entrance; inside, stairs, walls, altars and ritual displays of ceramics (especially censers) and small stone implements were discovered. The site has been made accessible for tourists.
Baleària is the trading name for the Spanish shipping company Baleària Eurolíneas Marítimas S.A.  The company operates passenger ferry services in the Mediterranean and Caribbean. 
In the Mediterranean region, Baleària operates domestic services within Spain to the Balearic Islands from Dénia, Valencia and Barcelona. The company also operates service across the Strait of Gibraltar from Algeciras to Ceuta and Tangier.
In North America, Baleària operates regular international ferry service between the port of Fort Lauderdale, Florida in the United States and Freeport, Grand Bahama Island, Bahamas. 
Baleària currently (September 2019) operates a fleet of thirty vessels.
On 16 February 2012 the high speed catamaran Maverick Dos ran aground whilst on passage from Ibiza Town to Formentera. The vessel was carrying 21 passengers and 6 crew at the time of the incident.
The Lendu are a Central Sudanic ethnic group in the Ituri province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. They speak the Lendu language.
The Ball brothers are three American brothers who play professional basketball. Their father LaVar Ball has been very involved with their success and co-manages the Big Baller Brand.
Ball games (or ballgames), also ball sports, are any form of game or sport which feature a ball as part of play. These include games such as football, cricket, baseball, basketball, and American football. Such games have diverse rules and histories and are of mostly unrelated origins. Ball games can be defined in several broad types, and generally try to measure how well a player can hit a ball:
A ballade (from French ballade, French pronunciation: ​[baˈlad], and German Ballade, German pronunciation: [baˈlaːdə], both being words for "ballad"), in classical music since the late 18th century, refers to a setting of a literary ballad, a narrative poem, in the musical tradition of the Lied, or to a one-movement instrumental piece with lyrical and dramatic narrative qualities reminiscent of such a song setting, especially a piano ballade.
In late 18th century German literature, the term ballade was used to describe folklike narrative poetry (following Johann Gottfried Herder), some of which was set to music by composers such as Johann Friedrich Reichardt, Carl Friedrich Zelter, and Johann Rudolf Zumsteeg. In the nineteenth century, Robert Schumann and Carl Loewe also composed ballades.
In the 19th century, the title was given by Frédéric Chopin to four important, large-scale piano pieces, the Ballades Nos. 1 to 4, Opp. 23, 38, 47, 52, the first significant application of the term to instrumental music. A number of other composers subsequently used the title for piano pieces, including Johannes Brahms (the third of his Klavierstücke, Op. 118, and the set of four Ballades, Op. 10), Edvard Grieg (Ballade in the Form of Variations, Op. 24, a set of variations), Claude Debussy, Friedrich Baumfelder (for example his Two Ballades, Op. 47, and No. 2 from his Op. 285), Franz Liszt (who wrote two) and Gabriel Fauré (Op. 19, later arranged for piano and orchestra). Ballades for instruments other than the piano have also been written. 20th-century examples of the form include the three ballades of Manolis Kalomiris, the six ballades of Frank Martin (composed for instruments such as the cello, viola, flute, and saxophone), and Einojuhani Rautavaara's Ballade for Harp and Strings.
The Baltic Circle Festival is an international contemporary theatre festival that takes place every November in Helsinki, both in theatre venues and on different sites in the city. Baltic Circle functions in the context of European contemporary performing arts, and is a platform for developing new trends and ideas. Baltic Circle presents new talents of contemporary theatre as well as organises training programs, seminars, workshops, discussions and club events. 
Baltic Circle functions in the context of European contemporary theatre and performing arts, and focuses on bringing the artistic communities of the Baltic and Nordic countries together. Festival is a ground for developing new trends and ideas. Baltic Circle supports artists’ mobility and international collaboration. Together with its artists, Baltic Circle takes the stage art forward, and takes an active role in both international cultural exchange and in the field of Finnish performing arts. The festival is considered a meeting point for artists and audiences as well as an international performing arts laboratory. It is a community which offers artists space and time to experiment and try out new approaches. Baltic Circle is the launch point for artistic exploration as well as a context for presenting its results. The festival is a work of art that takes a stance and challenges its participants to engage in dialogue.
singing: participated in district level competition and got gold medals earlier.
Development: The festival organizes training programs, seminars, workshops, discussions, and actively participates in public debate on contemporary theatre practice. Main focus is on facilitating a dialogue between artists and audiences as a part of developing new work.
New Production Models: Baltic Circle commissions and co-produces new work, locally and internationally. Together with HIAP – Helsinki International Artist-in-residence Programme – Baltic Circle has initiated a residency project for the contemporary theatre and the performing arts, which is the first of its kind in Finland.
Cultural Exchange: Baltic Circle brings contemporary international performances to Finland and brings new local talent to the fore.
Discourse: Baltic Circle is a community in which artists and the audiences can engage in discussion, raise questions and find new perspectives on the arts and the surrounding world.
Since 1996 Baltic Circle project has promoted intercultural exchange, primarily in the Baltic Sea region. International Theatre Festival Baltic Circle, artist exchange, drama translations, international co-productions, European level cultural projects play important parts in the general plan. Baltic Circle festivals have been organized in Helsinki since year 2000, starting from 2007 annually. Festivals showcase the newest trends in contemporary theatre and serve as an important meeting place and networking platform for theatre professionals and audience. Baltic Circle International Theatre Festival is a project that develops together with its environment, and change is inherent to the nature of the festival.
Q-teatteri, the City of Helsinki Cultural Office, The Ministry of Education and Culture (Finland), EU Culture Programme and Finnish Cultural Foundation.
Bangyal, a tribe of Rajputs or Jats found principally in the Potohar region of Punjab. According to the Bangyals themselves, they are descended from Rajah Bangash Khan, a Panwar Rajput, who arrived in the Potohar region from central India, hence the name Bangash-al, shortened to Bangyal. This Bangash Khan is also seen as ancestor by the closely related Bangyal tribe. Like many of their neighbours such as the Kalyal, some groups of Bangyal consider themselves as Rajputs, while other see themselves as Jats. In Gujranwala, Gujrat and Jhelum districts of Punjab, and Mirpur district of Azad Kashmir, the Bangyal strongly identify themselves as Jat, and intermarry with tribes of Jat status, such as the Warriach and Tarar. But as we move towards Gujar Khan tehsils, almost all the Bangyal claim Rajput ancestry, so briefly we can summarize, that the Jhelum River divides these two groups.
Looking at major Bangyal villages in Rawalpindi District by tehsil:
Gujarkhan Tehsil:
1) Changa Bangyal (now actually a fair sized town)
2) Chehari Bangyal
3) Dhok Bangyal
4) Dhok Chaudrian
5) Khalabat 
6) Pharwal Bangyal
7) Sandal Bangyal
8) Sangni
9) Wasla Bangyal

Rawalpindi Tehsil:
1) Bajnial
2) Bura Bangyal
3) Darihala Bangyal
4) Kala Bangyal
5) Marri Bangyal
6) Pind Dara
Kahuta Tehsil:
1) Maira Khurd
2) Suhot Bangyal
Kallar Syedan Tehsil:
1) Choa Khalsa
2) Dhok Bangyal
3) Nala Musalmanan,
4) Pehr Hali,
5) Sahib Dhamial
6) Sahote Bangyal
Outside Rawalpindi
In the neighbouring Islamabad Capital territory, they have two villages, namely Jhanga Bangyal and Bora Bangyal. Outside this core area, Bangyal are found in Mirpur District in Azad Kashmir, several villages near the town of Sohawa in Jhelum District, the village of Nambal near Kallar Kahar, Gora Bangyal in Attock District, and Bangyal in Gujrat District. In addition to Bangyal, they occupy a further 11 villages in Gujrat District. A small cluster of Bangyal villages, such Bangyal Abad are found near the town of Darya Khan in Bhakkar District.
Bantwal taluk is a taluk of Dakshina Kannada district. The headquarters is the town of Bantwal.


Leo A. "Barney" Barnhorst (May 11, 1924 – August 25, 2000) was an American basketball player.
A 6'4" forward/guard from Cathedral High School in Indianapolis, Barnhorst played four seasons at University of Notre Dame, where he was an honorable mention All-American. He then played professionally in the NBA for the Chicago Stags, Indianapolis Olympians, Baltimore Bullets and Fort Wayne Pistons.  Barnhorst appeared in two NBA All-Star Games (1952, 1953) and scored 3,232 career points.
Barnhorst was inducted into the Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame in 1980.

Barra Mansa is a Brazilian municipality located in the south of the state of Rio de Janeiro.
It is in the microregion of the Paraíba Valley, within the mesoregion of the South Fluminense. It is located at latitude 22º32'39 "south, longitude 44º10'17" west and altitude of 381 meters. Its estimated population in 2020 was of 184,833 inhabitants, forming a conurbation with the cities of Volta Redonda and Pinheiral with a population of more than 450 thousand inhabitants. It has an area of 548.9 km².
The administrative and legislative center is in the Centro district. In it are located the city hall and the City Hall). The judicial center is the Barbará neighborhood, where the municipal forum is located.
In 1954 the district of Volta Redonda was emancipated and, in 1991, it was Quatis's turn, taking with him the districts of Ribeirão de São Joaquim and Falcão. In 1993 Antônio Rocha was elevated to the condition of district, as well as the district Santa Rita de Cássia, in 2006.
The population of Barra Mansa is made up of descendants of European immigrants (mainly Portuguese, Italian, and Spanish), but also French and German, as well as a dynamic Syrian-Lebanese colony, as well as Amerindians and African descendants.
The municipality has the second largest population of the South Fluminense mesoregion, has more than 528 industrial units, a large rail, road and river junction. It is located in a privileged area, close to the two largest Brazilian cities: Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo. It is also close to regional economic centers such as São José dos Campos, Juiz de Fora and Volta Redonda. Barra Mansa has a per capita income above the national average of R $13,956.15 [5], and has a Human Development Index (HDI) considered high by the United Nations Development Program (UNDP) of 0.806 (year 2000 ). It is sixth in the ranking of best Human Development Index (HDI-M) among the municipalities of Rio de Janeiro.
Barra Mansa has a strong and traditional shopping center, vital to the municipality's economy.
Around 1700, arriving in São Paulo was an almost impossible task, because of the natural barrier created by the Serra do Mar. But for the trip to become faster, the governor Luís Vaía Monteiro ordered a way through the Itaguaí mountain range.
After completing the route, several incursions were made to the Paraíba do Sul River, but without the commitment to form villages or towns. These incursions were almost always made up of adventurers looking for gold. The first clue to settlement occurred in 1764 when Francisco Gonçalves de Carvalho obtained with the viceroy D. Antônio Álvares da Cunha a sesmaria to found a farm of cattle and supplies (Fazenda da Posse) between the Paraíba River of the South and the river Bananal, exactly in the place where there was a stream called Barra Seca or Barra Mansa.
In 1764, the Vice King of Brazil, Antônio Álvares da Cunha, granted a sesmaria to the farmer Francisco Gonçalves de Carvalho. Thus was born in these lands the first building of the Vila de São Sebastião da Barra Mansa. Built on the banks of the Barra Mansa River and the Paraíba do Sul River, the Posse farm, dating from 1768.
The Barão de Guapi Palace is a historical building of Barra Mansa that received illustrious people like the Princess Isabel. Already hosted the City Hall and the City Hall. It currently houses the Library.In 1765, José Alberto Monteiro also obtained from the viceroy a sesmaria on the bank of the Paraíba River, where it is today the city of Volta Redonda. Over the years, these sesmarias were changed owners, until, around 1827, they arrived, by inheritance, at the hands of Colonel Custódio Ferreira Leite, the Baron of Aiuruoca, founder of the municipality. From there, the site became the obligatory point of passage of troops of travelers on the way to seaports. In 1800, in the lands of Henrique Magalhães, very near the mouth of the river Barra Mansa, already existed a mill and a chapel. Gradually, a small population nucleus began to emerge and the beginning of the settlement encouraged Colonel Custódio Ferreira Leite, who had another chapel built on the right bank of the Paraíba, also dedicated to São Sebastião, located almost in front of Fazenda Ano Bom , on the opposite bank of the river.
The small village grew and on October 3, 1832, thanks to a letter addressed to the General Legislative Assembly of the Empire, the village of São Sebastião de Barra Mansa was created, becoming part of the village dismembered lands of the neighboring Resende, Valença and St. John Mark. In 1954, due to a political maneuver, it had emancipated the until then district of Santo Antônio de Volta Redonda and in 1991 the districts of Quatis, Falcão and Ribeirão de São Joaquim.
Chronology of historical events [edit | Edit source-code]In 1768, the construction of the first construction of Barra Mansa is made the farm of the Posse;In 1860, Barra Mansa was the largest producer of coffee in the country;In 1861, the Barão do Guapi Palace was erected;In 1874, the Barão do Guapi Palace won a large garden that is now the Centennial Park;Around 1870, the Barao do Guapi Palace was considered the best chamber in the entire province;In 1871, Barra Mansa was visited by Princess Isabel daughter of D. Pedro II, and also her husband Conde d'Eu for the Inauguration of the Railway Station;In 1908, Barra Mansa set up the first soccer club in the region, the Barra Mansa Futebol Clube;In 1911, Barra Mansa Futebol Clube became the first professional club in Brazil;In the 1930s, Barra Mansa was the country's largest milk producer, with five hundred thousand liters;In 1937, Barra Mansa inaugurated the first two metallurgical industries of the region: Siderúrgica de Barra Mansa and Companhia Metallurgica de Barbará;In 1946, Barra Mansa was the first city in southern Rio to encourage basketball, thanks to the encouragement of Nelson Geraidine, the founder of the court of the Baron de Aiuruoca school;In 1962, Barra Mansa was the fourth largest dairy producer in the world
Site Guia de Comercio e Serviços em Barra Mansa - RJ
Santi Bartolomeo e Stefano is a Baroque-style, Roman Catholic church located at number 1 Largo Belotti in Bergamo in the Lombardy region of Italy. The church is associated with a Dominican convent and stands about a block away from the Teatro Donizetti.
The church was built in 1613-1642, adjacent to a monastery of San Bartolomeo, which had belonged to the religious order of the Humiliati. After this order was suppressed, the convent was granted to the Dominicans, with whom it remains associated today. The monastery was destroyed and rebuilt in 1970 by the Dominicans.
The church houses a large canvas, a masterpiece by the well-known painter Lorenzo Lotto called Pala Martinengo, or Martinengo Altarpiece.
The chapel of the Madonna of the Rosary is highly decorated in stucco and painting (1752) by the studio of Antonio and Muzio Camuzio. The Bolognese painter Francesco Monti decorated the area of the cupola with a transfiguration. The cornices are decorated with 15 Holy Mysteries of the Rosary (1757) in monochrome by Giuseppe Antonio Felice Orelli. The choir was carved by Damiano Zambelli (1480 - 1549) for the church of San Stefano, which was torn down, and thus the choir stalls moved ultimately to end here. The ceiling of the nave was frescoed by Mattia Bortoloni. He also frescoed (1749) in the choir and presbytery, the Sacrifice of Isaac and Glory of Santissimi Sacramento, but died before the completion of all of his designs. Further frescoes in the ceilings, including a Glory of the Dominican Order (1751), were completed by Gaspare Diziani.
Other altarpieces include paintings by Mauro Picenardi, Giuseppe Brena, Enea Salmeggia also called il Talpino, Francesco Coppella, Pietro Ricchi also called il Lucchese, Carlo Salis, Giovanni Battista Discepoli also called lo Zoppo,  Agostino Facheris also called il Caversegno, Pietro Damiani da Castelfranco and Giorgio Anselmi
Henry "Hank" Bartos (May 20, 1913 – December 28, 1987) was an American football guard in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.  He played college football at the University of North Carolina and was drafted in the twelfth round of the 1938 NFL Draft.

Mujahideen military victory
The Battle of Maravar Pass was an operation by the 334th Detached Spetsnaz group in the Afghan villages of Sangam and Daridam on April 21, 1985, during the Soviet–Afghan War. Mujahideen forces ambushed the Soviet force in Maravar Gorge, cutting off its 1st company and inflicting heavy casualties. As Russian reinforcements arrived, the mujahideen covered the civilian evacuation of the gorge and successfully carried out a fighting withdrawal.
On March 27, 1985, less than one month before the operation, the 334th Separate Special Purpose Group (OO SpN) was transferred to Asadabad, Province Kunar, Afghanistan from Mariansky Gorki, Belorussian Military District, USSR.
On April 20, 1985, at 10:00 p.m., the group deployed from their home base Asadabad on foot, crossing the river Kunar by ferry, having received orders to investigate the settlement of Sangam located in Maravar Gorge, a mere 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) from the unit’s quarters. There was a report that a mujahideen observation post with 8–10 people had been spotted in Sangam. The unit’s commanders planned the operation as a large-scale training exercise. The plan was to have the 1st Company advance toward the settlement through the narrow gorge's floor while the 2nd and 3rd Companies were to cover their advance from the ridges framing the gorge.
The 1st Company entered Sangam by 5:00 am and searched the settlement. There were no opposition forces in the village, but two mujahideen were spotted retreating further into the gorge. From his command post located near the entrance of the gorge the 334th detachment commander, Major Terentyev, ordered the capture or neutralization of the enemy.
The 1st Company commander, Captain Tsebruk, divided his men into 4 platoons and began advancing towards the Daridam settlement located 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) deeper into the gorge. The groups were moving on both sides of the gorge’s bottom without any flank cover from the ridges. Only the commander of the 3rd Company had a full view of Daridam, from his position atop the ridge above Sangam, and so was the only person able to report the unfolding events to Major Terentyev.
First to encounter hostile combatants was Lieutenant Nikolai Kuznetsov’s platoon. Immediately, Captain Tsebruk set out toward the shooting accompanied by 4 riflemen. He left his radio operator and the platoon he had led behind to occupy an elevated terrace. It is believed that at this point Captain Tsebruk grasped the situation and attempted to remedy the situation, but was mortally wounded in the throat and died.
At this point Major Terentyev lost his control over the flow of the battle. The trap snapped shut behind the 1st Company: using the buses the enemy was able to circle to the rear of the 1st Company and block their retreat. On the flanks, mujahideen heavy machine guns were emplaced on both ridges to cover the elevated approaches to Daridam; they effectively blocked the 2nd and 3rd Companies from advancing to assist the 1st Company.
Left on their own, the 1st Company personnel took firing positions wherever they could. In desperation, they took cover behind the low mud walls. Some soldiers lit the orange smoke grenades to call for air rescue. The enemy numbers were overwhelming and the Soviet soldiers had only a limited supply of ammunition, which was exhausted within minutes of combat.
While the events in the Maravar Gorge were unfolding, the troops remaining at the home base of 334th OO SpN at Asadabad were alerted. Hastily, they began assembling an armored column out of the remaining vehicles. The column was reinforced by the armor detachment of an infantry battalion located nearby. The heavy vehicles could not be loaded onto the local ferry, so the column had to cross Kunar via a 10 kilometres (6.2 mi)–distant bridge, and then drive 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) back toward the Maravar Gorge. The trip between the Asadabad base and Sangam settlement, a 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) distance on the map, turned into a 23 kilometres (14 mi) grind across the rugged, mine-seeded Afghan terrain. Only one BMP out of the entire armored column was able to reach Maravar Gorge that morning. It could not alter the fate of the 1st company in Daridam, but it quite possibly had saved the 2nd and 3rd companies, now under intensive attack in Sangam.
Later in the afternoon of April 21, the armored column with the supporting infantry reached the Maravar Gorge. They were met by the exhausted survivors carrying the injured. They told a horrid tale of the fate of captured Russians, who were beheaded by the mujahideen.
Later, the Soviet troops were reinforced by 154th OO SpN and the Air Assault Battalion of the 66th Brigade arriving on helicopters from Jalalabad. The 2nd battalion of the 66th Brigade had also marched into the mountains from Asadabad. What was planned as a training raid had grown into a major combat operation involving 4 battalions and frontline aviation units.
The mujahideen continued fighting for 2 more days, covering the exodus of the civilian refugees from Sangam and Daridam settlements to Pakistan. Three more soldiers lost their lives during mopping-up operations.
Arthur Edwin Paul Baumgarten (31 March 1884 in Königsberg, East Prussia – 27 November 1966 in East Berlin, East Germany) was a German-Swiss jurist and legal philosopher. After voluntary exile in Switzerland, Baumgarten became a prominent legal scholar in East Germany.
Baumgarten was born on 31 March 1884 in Königsberg, East Prussia, a son of the anatomist and bacteriologist Paul Baumgarten. He visited the Humanistisches Gymnasium in Tübingen, where he graduated in 1902, and went on to study jurisprudence in Tübingen, Geneva and Leipzig. 
He earned a doctorate in jurisprudence in 1909 in Berlin. His doctor father was Franz von Liszt. In the same year, he became professor for criminal law at the University of Cologne. In the years from 1923 to 1930, he taught in Basel. Following a stay in Frankfurt am Main, Baumgarten chose voluntary exile in Switzerland by returning to Basel, as the Nazis eventually took power in Germany in the summer of 1933. There he taught legal philosophy from 1933 to 1946. 
In 1935, he visited the Soviet Union, where he contacted likewise exiled German communists. In 1944, he co-founded the Swiss Party of Labor.
In 1946, he accepted an invitation as visiting professor in Leipzig. Eventually, he was appointed full professor in Berlin in 1948. From 1952 to 1960, he was the president of German Academy for State- and Legal Sciences.
Baumgarten died on 27 November 1966 in Berlin, East Germany. He remained a Swiss citizen until his death.


Coordinates: .mw-parser-output .geo-default,.mw-parser-output .geo-dms,.mw-parser-output .geo-dec{display:inline}.mw-parser-output .geo-nondefault,.mw-parser-output .geo-multi-punct{display:none}.mw-parser-output .longitude,.mw-parser-output .latitude{white-space:nowrap}1°19′27.7″N 103°56′36.54″E﻿ / ﻿1.324361°N 103.9434833°E﻿ / 1.324361; 103.9434833
Bedok View Secondary School is a government co-educational secondary school located in southern Bedok, Singapore, within walking distance of Tanah Merah MRT station.
Bedok View Secondary School was founded in January 1977, initially sharing the premises of Chai Chee Secondary School. It started with 5 classes in the English stream and 4 in the Chinese Stream. Mr Mohd Said B H A Samad, the principal-designate, served the school for three and a half years until June 1981. Mr Soh Guan Ba took over as principal from June 1981 to December 1995. Mr Ee Chye Heng joined the school from 1995 to 2000, after which Mr Khairunan bin Ali took over the post. From 2008 to 2011, Mr Boo Chong Han was principal. In 2012 to 2015, Mr Jeffrey Low took over as principal. From 2016, Mrs Valerie Pinto is the principal. However, Mrs Valerie Pinto is set to be transferred to another school in 2021, to be replaced by Mdm Yvonne Teo.
In January 1978 the school began functioning in its current premises and was officially opened on 28 September 1979 by Tuan Haji Sha'ari Tadin, former MP for Bedok. It was the 139th school built by the government and the first government secondary school in Bedok New Town.
In 1992 major alterations and renovations were carried out, and a 4-storey classroom block was built under the Extension and Alteration Project. The school now has 36 classrooms, a language laboratory, a commerce room, two computer laboratories and six science laboratories. Extensions to the library, staff room and canteen were also carried out. The school subsequently underwent the Programme for Rebuilding and Improving Existing Schools (PRIME) and the entire project was completed in mid-2005, providing up-to-date facilities for pupils and staff.
A sports hall has been completed, which is available for the use of the public. This is an SGD 14 million joint investment from the Singapore Sports Council and the Ministry of Education.
Bedok View (BV) Secondary School offers a distinctive Applied Learning Programme (ALP) to connect academic learning with the real world. The programme, Global Awareness for the 21st Century @ BV, serves to deepen 21st-century competencies in students by nurturing critical thinkers with a sense of global awareness and confident communicators who can effectively engage with others. 
Bedok View (BV) Secondary School also offers a unique Life-Long Learning Programme titled Good Value @ BV. The desired outcomes of the Good Value @ BV are to engender positive attitudes and character traits in Bedok View students through a structured provision of opportunities. Hence, students undergoing this programme apply values learned in two areas: the CCE and CCA curriculum.
The compulsory uniform consists of a white blouse or shirt (which does not need to be tucked in) and beige bottoms. A maroon coloured school tie must be worn for morning assembly on Mondays for the school. Boys in secondary 1 and secondary 2 must wear short trousers, graduating to long pants in secondary 3 (typically the year in which students turn 15). Female students' skirts must be at knee level. Students are not allowed to tint or dye their hair. Boys must have short hair. Girls wear a pleated beige skirt. All students must wear white socks, which must be clearly visible. Student councillors or simply referred to as Councillors or SCs must wear a dark blue tie every morning of duty, Mondays are compulsory.
2020
Uniform Groups
1. Girl Guides2. NCC (Land) Boys3. NCC (Land) Girls4. NPCC
Sports
1.Badminton (Boys)2.Football (Boys)3.Netball (Girls)4.Basketball5.Track & Field
Visual and Performing Arts
1.Angklung2.Choir3.Concert Band4.English Drama5.GuZheng6.Modern Dance
Clubs and Society
1.Service learning Club2.Infocomm club
APSN Katong Satellite Partner SchoolSingapore Management University Mentoring ProgrammeSouth East Community Development Council (SE CDC)
Belisarius Begging for Alms (French: Bélisaire demandant l'aumône) is a large-format (288 × 312 cm) history painting in oil on canvas by Jacques-Louis David. It depicts the Byzantine general Belisarius, who heroically defeated the Vandals in North Africa in AD 533–534 on behalf of Justinian I, and (according to an apocryphal account probably added to his biography in the Middle Ages) was later blinded by the emperor and reduced to begging for alms on the street. David exhibited the work at the Salon of 1781 after returning from Italy and it proved a great success.
It is now on show at the Palais des Beaux-Arts in Lille.
The theme of mercy is omnipresent in the work, focusing on the three people considered most "based": the woman, the child and the old man who embodies the image of Mercy. The hands of these three individuals horizontally convey the idea of weakness involving need and love. The soldier, meanwhile, in the background, lifts his hands vertically to show his astonishment, with his chest forward. The three human ages represented give an idea of the glory of youth and the wreck of old age.
The same subject had already been used by Peyron in his own Belisarius receiving Hospitality from a Peasant; in contrast, only a few characters are present here and the scene is dependent on the story for dramatic effect. David shows us a fallen hero, old and blind, begging in the street with a young child when one of his former soldiers, astonished, recognises him.
The setting is Antique: sober, austere and overwhelming architecture is placed behind the depiction of harsh conditions. This shows that the artist wanted to associate Greek style with heroic themes in the context of the concerns of the artist's time. Essentially, it is through the theme of virtues borrowed from ancient times that the "true style," later called neo-classical, spread into art, rejecting the frivolities of the royal court of Louis XVI at the time of the French revolution. In the very composition of the work of David, however, the essence of the tableau juxtaposes several rococo ideas, and is thus not a completely neo-classical work. Nonetheless, the neo-classical perspective can still be found, especially in the ideas behind this painting: a revolutionary (David) offers a meditation on the moral heroism in adversity.
The artist returned to the subject in 1784, producing a smaller canvas with minor changes which is in the collection of the Louvre.
The London Agreements (Hebrew: הסכמי לונדון) are a series of agreements signed between the Zionist Labor leader, David Ben-Gurion, and the leader of the Zionist Revisionist movement, Zeev Jabotinsky, as part of an attempt to reconcile and bridge the gaps between the two movements in the early 1930s. The agreements were signed in London, England, and were mediated by Pinhas Rutenberg during 16 meetings that were held between Ben-Gurion and Jabotinsky over a period of a month. After years of severe violence and rivalry between the two movements in the Jewish community it was the high point of rapprochement between the two movements and their leaders in an attempt to heal the rift in the Zionist movement.
Beneficiarii (singular beneficiarius) were soldiers of Roman army performing an extraordinary task such as military policing or a special assignment.
A list of films produced by the Tollywood (Bengali language film industry) based in Kolkata in the year 1969.
Ralph de Bereford (fl. 1329) was an English judge, of a legal family possessing large estates in the midland counties.
Ralph de Bereford may have been a son of Osbert de Barford, or Bereford, chief gentleman to Ranulf of Hengham, justice of the common pleas, who was probably son of Walter de Barford of Langley in Warwickshire, and brother of Sir William de Bereford, chief justice of the common pleas in 1309. Ralph was possessed of land in three Oxfordshire townships in 1315, viz. Bourton, Milcome, and Barford, and in the same year was one of the custodes of the vacant bishopric of Winchester. He was summoned to the great council at Westminster for 27 May 1324. He was on several occasions in commissions of oyer and terminer in Southampton and Surrey in 1314, in Somerset, Dorset, Wiltshire, Southampton, and Gloucester in 1316, on special commissions to try persons who had spoiled Hugh le Despenser's manors, and Robert Lewer and his accomplices, who had attacked Odiham Castle in 1322, and in 1324 in Oxfordshire and Berkshire. In 1329 or 1330 (Dugdale) he was the second of five justices itinerant, of whom another was Adam de Brome, for Nottingham and five other counties.
 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: .mw-parser-output cite.citation{font-style:inherit}.mw-parser-output .citation q{quotes:"\"""\"""'""'"}.mw-parser-output .id-lock-free a,.mw-parser-output .citation .cs1-lock-free a{background:linear-gradient(transparent,transparent),url("//upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/65/Lock-green.svg")right 0.1em center/9px no-repeat}.mw-parser-output .id-lock-limited a,.mw-parser-output .id-lock-registration a,.mw-parser-output .citation .cs1-lock-limited a,.mw-parser-output .citation .cs1-lock-registration a{background:linear-gradient(transparent,transparent),url("//upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d6/Lock-gray-alt-2.svg")right 0.1em center/9px no-repeat}.mw-parser-output .id-lock-subscription a,.mw-parser-output .citation .cs1-lock-subscription a{background:linear-gradient(transparent,transparent),url("//upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/aa/Lock-red-alt-2.svg")right 0.1em center/9px no-repeat}.mw-parser-output .cs1-subscription,.mw-parser-output .cs1-registration{color:#555}.mw-parser-output .cs1-subscription span,.mw-parser-output .cs1-registration span{border-bottom:1px dotted;cursor:help}.mw-parser-output .cs1-ws-icon a{background:linear-gradient(transparent,transparent),url("//upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4c/Wikisource-logo.svg")right 0.1em center/12px no-repeat}.mw-parser-output code.cs1-code{color:inherit;background:inherit;border:none;padding:inherit}.mw-parser-output .cs1-hidden-error{display:none;font-size:100%}.mw-parser-output .cs1-visible-error{font-size:100%}.mw-parser-output .cs1-maint{display:none;color:#33aa33;margin-left:0.3em}.mw-parser-output .cs1-format{font-size:95%}.mw-parser-output .cs1-kern-left,.mw-parser-output .cs1-kern-wl-left{padding-left:0.2em}.mw-parser-output .cs1-kern-right,.mw-parser-output .cs1-kern-wl-right{padding-right:0.2em}.mw-parser-output .citation .mw-selflink{font-weight:inherit}"Bereford, Ralph de". Dictionary of National Biography. London: Smith, Elder & Co. 1885–1900.

Best in Film: The Greatest Movies of Our Time was a two-hour television special that aired on March 22, 2011, on ABC in the United States. Hosted by Tom Bergeron and Cynthia McFadden, it was a collaboration between ABC News and People magazine that gave American film fans the chance to choose their favorite movies of all time. The results were presented on the program, which included interviews with some of the stars and directors of the chosen films including Harrison Ford, Anthony Hopkins, and Olivia Newton-John. It also showed out-takes, screen tests and behind-the-scenes footage.
People magazine featured a story that corresponded with the special in its March 28, 2011, issue, which came out on March 18.
The categories for the special were Best Film, Best Sci-Fi Film, Best Musical, Best Action Film, Greatest Film Character, Best Horror Film, Best Chick Flick, Greatest Screen Kiss, Best Comedy, Best Animated Film, Best Suspense/Thriller, Most Romantic Screen Couple, Greatest Line, Best Western Film and Best Political/Historical Film.
To vote for their favorite films, movie fans went online at abcnews.com and people.com to select the winners from a list of nominees created by a group of film industry experts. Online voting was open from late November 2010 to January 2011. The televised special counted down the top five films in 10 of the 15 categories: Best Comedy, Best Sci-Fi Film, Best Musical, Greatest Screen Kiss, Greatest Line, Best Action Film, Best Suspense/Thriller, Best Animated Film, Greatest Film Character and Best Film. The results in the remaining five categories (Best Horror Film, Best Chick Flick, Most Romantic Screen Couple, Best Western Film and Best Political/Historical Film) were revealed online.
John Green was the executive producer of the special.  Associate producers were Monica DelaRosa, Andy Genovese and Mia Trovato.
Beyond Thirty is a short science fiction novel by American writer Edgar Rice Burroughs. It was written in 1915 and first published in All Around Magazine in February 1916, but did not appear in book form in Burroughs' lifetime. The first book edition was issued by Lloyd Arthur Eshbach's Fantasy Press fanzine in 1955; it then appeared in the collection Beyond Thirty and The Man-Eater, published by Science-Fiction & Fantasy Publications in 1957. The work was retitled The Lost Continent for the first mass-market paperback edition, published by Ace Books in October 1963; all subsequent editions bore the new title until the Bison Books edition of March 2001, which restored the original title.
The story was heavily influenced by the events of World War I, and reflects U.S. sentiments at the time of writing. When the war broke out, Americans were predominantly isolationist and wary of being drawn into a European war. Burroughs imagines a future two centuries onward in which that view prevailed and the western hemisphere severed contact with the rest of the world. Consequently, the eastern hemisphere has exhausted itself in war and Europe has descended into barbarism while the Americas, sheltered from the destruction, have continued to advance and joined peacefully into the union of Pan-America. By the twenty-second century the entire world east of the 30th meridian west and west of the 175th meridian west has become terra incognita to Pan-America.
In 2137, Pan-American Navy Lieutenant Jefferson Turck is commander of the aero-submarine Coldwater, tasked with patrolling the 30th meridian from Iceland to the Azores. Disaster strikes when the vessel's anti-gravitation screens fail, dooming it to wallow upon the surface of the ocean, and the engines fail, leaving it adrift. As its wireless radio has failed as well, Turck cannot even summon help. While the crew attempts repairs Turck and three subordinates, Snider, Taylor and Delcarte, go fishing in a small boat to reprovision the vessel. While they are out the Coldwater is successfully repaired and flies off, leaving the fishermen to their fate. It is implied that Turck's second officer Alvarez, who has clashed with his superior, is behind both the original sabotage and subsequent abandonment.
Adrift, Turck and his companions are forced to make shore in forbidden England. They find it a wilderness inhabited by savages and overrun by lions descended from zoo animals. The British royal family has been reduced to the precarious leadership of a small tribe based near the ruins of London. While out hunting Turck rescues Victory, daughter of the king, from the henchmen of Buckingham, a local strongman who has killed her father. He tries to return her to her family, only to fall himself into Buckingham's hands. The two escape and flee to London, where they find evidence that Great Britain had fallen fully two hundred years before; the Great War had destroyed the Old World's civilization in less than a quarter century.
Turck and Victory join the other Americans, and the combined party sails to the European mainland, also reduced to savagery. There Snider dies after attempting to seize Victory for himself. Soon after, Turck and Victory fall separately into the hands of soldiers of the Abyssinian Empire, a black super-state now ruling all of Africa, most of Europe, and the Arabian Peninsula. While the Abyssinians' technology is roughly equivalent to that of the nineteenth century, it is more than a match for the white savages populating Europe. The Abyssinians consider whites a lower order and take them as slaves. Turck too is pressed into slavery, becoming the personal servant of Belik, an Abyssinian colonel.
Turck's master takes him to New Gondar, built on the site of ancient Berlin, where the Abyssinian Emperor, Menelek XIV, holds court. Menelek is portrayed as gross and cruel—perhaps once a great man, but now corrupted by power. Turck watches powerlessly as white slave women are offered to the emperor for his harem, including his love interest Victory. Turck rescues Victory during an attack on New Gondar by the forces of China, which have been advancing into Europe from the east. The couple is captured by the invaders, but made honored guests once the Chinese have heard their story. They are taken to the Chinese base on the site of old Moscow, and eventually by rail to Peking, where the two wed.
Meanwhile, back in Pan-America, Turck's mutinous subordinate Alvarez has been arrested, the ban on travel to the Eastern Hemisphere rescinded, and a search and rescue expedition mounted. Taylor and Delcarte are found, communications between the hemispheres are re-opened, and diplomatic relations established between Pan-America and China, with commerce to follow. Turck, hailed as a hero, makes plans to restore Victory to her British throne.
The copyright for this story has expired in the United States and, thus, now resides in the public domain there.

Bharatiya Janata Party, Keralam, abbreviated as BJP Keralam, is the state unit of the Bharatiya Janata Party in Kerala. The headquarters is located in Thiruvananthapuram.BJP is the third largest Political party in Kerala in terms of members strength and vote share. In National Politics - BJP Kerala fraction holds one Union Minister position and 3 Rajyasabha MPs and also there are many Kerala BJP leaders holding top posts in BJP national leadership, Central government organizations, boards, corporations and ministerial committees. In Kerala state level Politics - the Kerala Governor is from BJP and currently, BJP has an MLA in Kerala assembly.BJP is the third  opposition party in Kerala. Bjp is second in 11 assembly seats in Kerala and got over 30000 votes in 40-70 seats in Kerala.In local level Politics BJP is the second largest party in Kerala capital Corporation Thiruvananthapuram ( latest in 2020 local body election), Bjp ruling 2 municipalities and 24 panchayats in Kerala. Bjp has 1600 seats in Kerala local bodies and is second in 2800+ seats.Bjp is the main opposition in 14 municipalities in Kerala.[citation needed]
[1]
Białostoczek was a village in Poland that was incorporated, on 10 May 1919, into the city of Białystok as Osiedle Białostoczek.
Biorheology is a scientific journal in the field of biorheology, the study of flow properties (rheology) of biological fluids, published by IOS Press. It is published quarterly since 2018. It was established in 1962 by founding editors A.L. Copley and G.W. Scott Blair. It is currently edited by Herbert H. Lipowsky (Penn State University) and Brian M. Cooke (Australian Institute of Tropical Health and Medicine).

The Blaber River is a minor river in the Isle of Man.
The Blaber River rises on the eastern flank of Beary Mountain and runs north by north west before joining the River Neb at the head of Glen Helen.
Coordinates: .mw-parser-output .geo-default,.mw-parser-output .geo-dms,.mw-parser-output .geo-dec{display:inline}.mw-parser-output .geo-nondefault,.mw-parser-output .geo-multi-punct{display:none}.mw-parser-output .longitude,.mw-parser-output .latitude{white-space:nowrap}54°13′25″N 4°34′52″W﻿ / ﻿54.2235°N 4.5811°W﻿ / 54.2235; -4.5811

In pyrotechnics, black match is a type of crude fuse, constructed of cotton string fibers intimately coated with a dried black powder slurry.
When black match is confined in a paper tube, called quick match or piped match, the flame front propagates much more quickly, many feet per second.
Quick match is often used in model rockets in the United Kingdom to ignite multiple engines/motors; it is however largely unavailable in the USA due to ambiguous explosives laws.

The BMW K1200RS is a sport-touring motorcycle made by BMW.  The K1200RS is the last evolution of the BMW four-cylinder longitudinal engine, often referred to as the flying brick.  From 1996 to 2004 37,992 units were built at the BMW plant in Spandau Germany.
Until 2000, the factory code was K589. For model year 2001 the K1200RS was revised with a new model code, K547.  That year the front headlight panel was modified, foot peg position was lowered and handlebars raised slightly.  Previously optional ABS was made standard in 2001.
In 2003, a 'GT' version of the K1200RS was introduced, featuring a slightly more upright seating position, adjustable footpegs, an electrically adjustable and somewhat larger windscreen and handguards - as well as colour-coded hard panniers as standard. The K1200GT was produced until 2005, after which it was replaced with a completely revised version with a transversely-mounted 4-inline engine for 2006.


Bocha was a chiefdom in Zimbabwe. It was founded some time before 1750. It became a part of the British Mashonaland protectorate in 1889.
Bodmin is an unincorporated community in Saskatchewan.
Coordinates: .mw-parser-output .geo-default,.mw-parser-output .geo-dms,.mw-parser-output .geo-dec{display:inline}.mw-parser-output .geo-nondefault,.mw-parser-output .geo-multi-punct{display:none}.mw-parser-output .longitude,.mw-parser-output .latitude{white-space:nowrap}53°45′15″N 106°59′10″W﻿ / ﻿53.75417°N 106.98611°W﻿ / 53.75417; -106.98611

Bondokuy is the capital of Bondokuy Department, Burkina Faso.
It has 3,982 inhabitants.
Coordinates: .mw-parser-output .geo-default,.mw-parser-output .geo-dms,.mw-parser-output .geo-dec{display:inline}.mw-parser-output .geo-nondefault,.mw-parser-output .geo-multi-punct{display:none}.mw-parser-output .longitude,.mw-parser-output .latitude{white-space:nowrap}11°50′59″N 3°45′50″W﻿ / ﻿11.8498°N 3.7639°W﻿ / 11.8498; -3.7639
Borafullerenes are a class of heterofullerenes in which the element substituting for carbon is boron. They are also a member of the boron carbides class of materials that include Tetrabor (B4C).
